she pulled the sheets over her head to blow me but the static kept making little lightning bolts and I was too high and got really scared she was going to electrocute me. 
He just ordered a bottle of Beam at an Italian place for us to share. 
Well if my looks don't work with her I'll eat the 50 nuggets to impress her fat roommate. 
If you don't remember anything tomorrow, this is to remind you that you asked me in secret to build a bobsled with you and re-enact Cool Runnings. 
We decided to cut you off after you insisted on eating peanuts by the dumpster 
He spent the entire date challenging me to chugging contests. 
I don't think I'm emotionally ready for this blow job. 
Please call me back as soon as your phone is charged, if you die tonight I don't want the last thing I said to you to be "I just farted a little" 
She's the perfect storm when it comes to psycho stalkers 
it was either a really good one night stand or a really really good first date. thank you online dating 
I'm legit concerned I might pass out this weekend from having too much sex. 
He just walked into my room in a robe with a cooking pot of cereal. 
So when you said you wanted to make a clay replica of my boobs and hang it above your bed you actually meant it? 
do you think theyll let us bring mariachis to the strip club? 
I am at the point where deciding not to drink alone is worth a rocky music montage in and of itself. 
I was scoping hash out of our weed jar with a spoon and I realized we need to buy actual utensils. This plastic shit is killing me I've broke 3 spoons 
and then the entire party sang the national anthem a capella around the keg. 
she fell through a window trying to flash someone 
I was the one passing out cake at the bars 
Its not even 10am and we are talking about what guys assholes we would finger. 
Its against the rules to not make you aware of his virgin situation prior to penetration 
Some chick just tried to plug her vodka into the wall. 
I just had a flashback of me saying "I'm not ready to be a deadbeat mom" lastnight. 
We followed the campus tour around in a golf cart drinking PBR and blasting "Sexual Healing." 
it is entirely possible that the police will be knocking on the door in 25 minutes 
If by any chance I go to the hospital make sure you stuff a pint in my pockets so I can keep up. 
I wiped my blood on their walls screaming "IT'S NOT MY SECURITY DEPOSIT!" 
It would be like bopping for an apple with my penis but never winning an actual prize. The only thing I would get from it would be the joy from taking part but then regretting it forever more 
She said, "I don't really go out much, but my husband recently cheated on me" and I don't remember anything after that. 
at this point every shot is just a haymaker to my liver 
Yeah, but there's no serving sizes for dick. 
Word is he has some crazy hawaiian STD 
I was fingering her, she was moaning, and we were singing Mulan 
If you can't find your cat in the morning it's cause i put him in the laundry basket and then put the laundry basket in the shower. 
You insisted on squirting shots of captain morgan in your mouth with a turkey baster by like 930. 
Why were you having sex on top of my left over pizza in the kitchen? 
It's 4th of July all over again, we were chasing with the pool water. 
Do you think I should make him wait for my responses or do you think sophomore have no concept of time like dogs? 
yea man just watch out- theres a shitload of broken glass in your bed 
You mailed him a break up letter, because you thought the "joy of receiving a letter" would ease the pain of you dumping him. 
he stopped talking to me after i tried to use his body as a surf board 
I'm still in shock that he came by my house for five minutes dropped off a Teddy bear and went to the strip club on valentines day 
We just had to use a designated driver to get to night class. 
riding the spinning bikes at the rec after Valentines Day was a baaddddd idea 
I seriously just found a rose petal in my vagina. 
My fuck buddy took time out of his date with his girlfriend to text me happy Valentines Day. 
I knew the only reason I bought a smartphone was to play "You're Havin My Baby" on the way to cvs to buy Plan B. 
from the looks of the bare footprints in the snow it looks like i was dancing in circles which explains the frozen puke 
He pulled the washer 5 feet out from the wall screaming about quarters 
Today as a vday present for myself I am walking in between any couples I see on campus. 
there has got to be a maximum amount of semen a person can take in before they get some kind of poisoning. 
I never thought to pass out in a hotel lobby rather then paying for a hotel room until you taught me that's acceptable at the Hilton 
Do any of you want to be on a three way call with me while this girl masturbates in 10 min? You can't talk 
i chased bacardi with meat sauce last night 
the best thing about long term relationship is that the fact that i bothered to shave my legs today counts as a valentines gift 
Nothing kills the mood when I am hooking up on the dance floor like the DJ saying Happy Valentines. 
It's like being the dunk pilot of a plane full of pornstars and drunkenness. 
Its funny how you denied every part of the text except " you hate fat ppl" 
So I realized I'm not completely sober when the automatic toilet flushed and I screamed 
Turns out getting tied up to two door handles and forced to repeatedly cum is actually a really good ab workout. 
The only people who have said happy valentines day to me today have been 2 homeless people. 
Telling me that I would make a great "occasional fuck" was not appreciated. 
He bought me shots at the bar as his way of of paying me back for Plan B 
Omg calling you in 10 to update you on who I peed on last night 
And i didn't ask you to do that, You showed your penis at your own free will. 
I never thought I'd say this, but there is a life threatening amount of rumpleminz in our freezer 
Tim said I dropped my taco in a puddle and still ate it. 
I knew as soon as I saw that pole that I was going to wake up the next morning with bruises. 
sorry about having a shotput competition with your microwave, seemed like a good idea at the time 
The sound guy for the band told me id make a great valentines gift for his bisexual girlfriend 
Then you can skip the embarrassing can I date your ex since you're a lesbian now conversation 
im never drinking wine from a person in a wet suit and goggles ever again. 
I'm puking to John Mayor, save me. Or at least change it to somethong beyyt 
They really brought out their best strippers for vday weekend 
The guys had to come into the bar bathroom and pep talk us all off the floor 
You were throwing ham at people telling them you were the sandwhich fairy 
just so you know, you can get through airport security with handcuffs no questions asked 
like stop trying to get a relationship out of this when i'm clearly in the drunken mistakes part of my life. 
I mean, I'm all about sharing, but when he tells me about his wet dreams about Oprah, I think it's taking it too far. 
Just remember that she is a giant dick-sucking forehead and you are better than that. 
I just got a flashback from Saturday night of you helping me wash my feet in the bar's bathroom. 
plan d- we get drunk, go see that Justin Bieber movie and freak out 13 year old girls. 
Try and take me seriously and don't look directly at my hair or the jizz on my pants. 
Why do I feel like the only way for this trip to end is alcohol poisoning? 
I cant yet im literally covered in lube but I will later 
I asked you how much you drank and you replied with "I don't know what kind of toothpaste I use." 
You're going to have to tell him your name isn't Ivor McTruckson eventually. 
there's a guy looking for his pants in my room, is he yours? 
You left a trail of sequins from your dress incase we got lost 
Well i'm not entirely sure considering he gave my vagina an early valentine's day card that said "you're purrfect." 
I plan on gettn treatment center drunk 
Sorry for making you give strangers a ride for hits of acid. 
THERE IS PRACTICALLY A BEER FUCKING WATERFALL 
I think a 5 ft pyramid of jello shots in honor of the egyptians is in order 
He thought the strainer was a giant bowl to puke in. 
I haven't had nearly enough lesbian experiences to fully commit to this relationship. 
even the AIR tastes like tequila. 
I'm at Home Depot to get supplies to fix the wall we cracked by fucking too hard against the bookshelf. 
do not give him the "i just had sex cake" i repeat DO NOT give him the cake. things didn't go well 
I can do it, this is my punishment and I will accept it, plus id like to see the look on peoples faces when I throw up on them 
Is it sad that I just used my electrical knowledge to not only fix but improve my vibrator? 
I'm doing it for my vagina. You should understand that 
Tell your boss that he's keeping you from eating a fuck sundae off of these 36-24-36 34 D's waiting for you at home on Valentine's Day. 
It was huge And he was twirling it around. Im telling you, beautiful wonderpenis 
Are my feet made of real feet? 
It was kind of like a train wreck, except alcohol would have improved the situation greatly. 
Explain to me how it was that you spent the entire night playing pool with three lesbians and did not get a foursome out of it. 
We lit firecrackers from NYE in the fireplace and he was so passed out that he slept through it. 
Just looked in the mirror and i look like ive been gang banged. Im so proud of my boyfriend it almost hurts 
i'm using salt from the free peanuts to stop the bleeding. 
I ended up taking shots of whiskey and chasing them with potato wedges, I have never felt more Irish 
That chick needs a catscan. And fuck it, we're still ordering in a stripper 
I just woke up to find the whole kitchen sick had been converted into a gravity bong. 
She had the hiccups when she was giving me head. It was actually pretty awesome 
Remind me tomorrow to take that ball-gag out of my purse. 
Just to save you guys the surprise, somebody shit outside of our door. 
I would have to gauge my vagina to make it fit. 
what's with the bloody hand print on the hood of your car 
im afraid if i stop breathing i will turn into a porcupine 
That's so unfortunate for him bc you can always find another penis, but he's stuck with it 
I feel like I was just dunked in a tub of beer and then thrown in a giant dryer with rocks in it. 
My mom woke me up in a bubble bath this morning. 
Thanks for not stopping me when I decided to call my mom at 2 in the morning to ask her where I was born 
He filled our room with little plastic cups of beer so the only way I could get out was by drinking them all. 
She used to be a real nice person. Now she's just a dick sucking machine 
Oh my God, I want him to live with his face in my vagina forever. 
The ratio of how much he pisses me off to how much sex i get just isnt working out for me 
Is there a word for someone who only has sex with NFL prospects? 
did i walk over a car last night? 
Apparently someone switched my cash for monopoly money after midnight so I couldn't get any more drinks at the bar 
What's the appropriate I've been inside you but we're not technically dating valentines present? 
She was giving you that "I really want to blow you but I have to act professional" look. Guaranteed 
If everything I've heard is true, then she's lost her virginity three times 
I just kept pointing at random people and telling the bartender to put it on their tab. 
After 2 hrs of driving around looking for him, we just found him sleeping in the bed of my truck with the cover closed, cuddling with the spare tire. 
Somehow she slept thru the vacuuming, people walking in and out, and the sound of constant beer bottles hitting the trash, but when someone said weed in a regular volume of voice she startled awake. 
I'm now at that point where it just feels natural to do a few shots of whisky with breakfast and then head to work 
She got a text from her mom saying "you better not sleep with him, we all know how he is". IV ONLY BEEN HERE A WEEK 
i seriously just licked my laptop for traces of blow from the other night 
And the best part is that she's coming home to find that I completely shaved her dog. 
the guy in the stall next to me, came in, farted, laughed, and proceeded to give himself some sort of hillbilly pep talk that included the phrase "big pussy". 
I am actually insulted by the long string of ugly, fat girls he hooked up with after me. 
he left his wallet here so lets treat ourselves to a lunch for the lack of penis we both had deal with 
You just begged me to mute the porn and watch her ass bounce while listening to dubstep the whole time. 
Well let's just say that she ended up trying to get it in with the wheelchair guy, who btw, can get an erection and quickly I might add 
Going to have to start putting down newspaper if puking the bed is going to be a habit 
I really want to go out tonight but part of me wants to be able to honestly tell the judge tomorow that I didn't 
All I know is that we apparently made a drink we named The Single Girl which is rum, vodka, grain alcohol, and sprite and rolled around in the backyard. 
I think we can all look back on last night and categorize it under, " reason why Cory can't be left at the bar by himself" 
I gotta stop tellin complete strangers at the bar that they're the godparents to my first born 
don't ever tell me how terrible your next walk of shame is until you run into your little brother on his way to class. 
Well on the bright side, I only need a sophomore to complete the fuck-a-guy-from-every-year-challenge. 
I woke up this morning next to a stack of saltines & a txt from u saying "do it." it took me a second to remember wat was going on 
did you really just refer to me me as an old fashioned penis? 
hes wearing the same tie today that i tied him up with last night.i wanna go home 
No, that was the night I was sneezing out barf 
I have located the smell of the stripper and narrowed it down to 3 girls in class 
I enjoyed our heart to heart in the trunk on the way to the stripclub 
It's sad that the best source of heat that I have is my vaporizer. 
i robbed the continental breakfast last night 
In hindsight, buying 4 different kinds of vibrators at once may have been a little overenthusiastic of me. 
Thats why you always identify the subtext of a blowjob before you accept it. 
And yes, in case u were wondering a 25 year old high school agriculture teacher did just hit on me At Walmart bc of my pinata 
did you by any chance leave me that 7 minute long voicemail of you running and constantly tripping into bushes? 
Her thighs are so strong. I thought my head was gonna get crushed when I was eating her out 
Hey man, sorry I chased you around the house with a small table. 
I just remember thinking, if she falls asleep, I'm totally eating that spilled chex mix right off of her. 
For the record it's 1026 and you told me I could leave you in the bathroom. 
I just banged that chick from the bar by speaking french. all i had to do was recite my grocery list 
If I don't have herpes this will be the single greatest day of my life 
He's got a wife and three kids but I'm into being that mistake. 
Well it went from being a hug to a straight out tackle through the back door. 
all I heard when I woke up this morning was "BONG HITS FOR BREAKFAST" being yelled repeatedly. 
Then, he just started shoving orange pieces in my mouth as a chaser 
had to go back to that apartment this morning to get my other boot. it was tacked to the wall 
Tell nick i'm sorry for throwing a block of cheese at him last night 
Just hooked up with a girl I met in line at Taco Bell. I told you leave me to do my own thing and I'll get it in 
My suggestion that we all just smoke some weed was greeted with a uncomfrotable silence and a 'maybe later'. These are not our people 
I just figured you know how to drive a boat and I know how to get drunk. What can go wrong 
It feels like I've shaved away my winter coat and my vagina is going to freeze if I go outside. 
At what point in your drunken state would you actually believe that the cops wanted to party with you? 
the only good thing about him lasting five minutes was that nobody thinks i had sex with him or that im a slut because we were only in the bathroom for five minutes 
Tequila bombs in champagne seemed like a good idea at the time. 
I'm skipping the 'hey, how are you, I have to pick up something pointless at your apartment' excuse and just telling you I'm coming over to fuck. 
The guy in front of me got in the club with his green card, that's awesome 
We probably shouldn't have forced that guys cat to drink the grey goose while we were doing lines in his bathroom 
was it you or me who tried to make the, what appears to be, nacho cake in the oven? 
I wore my front clasp bra so he would have to prove his sobriety to me before we had sex. 
I just watched a guy pee from a second floor window onto the line of 100 people waiting to get in. 
just 'accidentally' changed my relationship status to 'in an open relationship' just to see what offers I might get if I were to dump him. it's not looking good 
if that blanket by the dog bowl was your dog's "bed" then i apologize to bailey for having sex on it 
It looks alright. The blow up doll is in the microwave, and she has forks in her ass 
Referring to yourself in third person during sex is apparently an instant turn off 
Dont ask, hes out back rolling around in the yard freaking out. literally just had a 15 minute conversation, only word i could make out was "yellow" 
I got Green Bay stickers to put on my nipples. This way when I flash it will look like I did it out of spirit as opposed to drunkenness 
It's alright she couldn't hear you. Her legs were over her ears 
Escorted a stripper to her car last night,and all I got was a "Thanks" and "Go Steelers." 
She said "don't make this weird" and then proceeded to sniff me. 
Just picture a bunch of Abraham Lincolns having an orgy. 
i understand why you think this is a bad idea but its happening so buckle up an get your whiskey 
rolled over to window for cup of snow instead of leaving bed for water. that's how hungover 
Being at this bar with grandma is a real cockblocker 
Did I at antime last saturday slip away and sign up for a prayer circle? 
he got mad when I told him his flaccid penis looked like a sleeping kitten 
I think this breakup is Gods way of telling me I deserve a bigger dick 
She just said, "are my livers going to die?" 
PS- I just stirred my mimosa with a slice of bacon 
Apparently as I was doing the walk of shame home my dad's date was on her way to hers. hoes come in all ages these days 
The night took a downhill turn when he started using a butter knife as a spoon to drink his cosmo 
That's why you NEVER put anything a stripper gave you in your mouth 
in my lab write-up should i mention that i watered my plant with tequila? 
and then some norwegians asked us to be in their porno. 
You refused to come over and kept yelling that you were gonna sleep on a car 
u got into a flexing contest with a dude in bathroom in the mirror at the club 
she named my penis "gigantor the baby arm" 
Doing lines of cocaine in the bathroom and the word 'better' do not belong in the same sentence. 
$5 long island pitchers = roommate pissing on his laptop at 3am. 
I'm questioning the dried chocolate syrup on my tits. 
We need to stop sleeping with people based on which NFL team they like. 
i think that dennys waitress has my boxers 
I don't know what's worse: going to the liquor store at 9am or knowing that its open at 9am 
Hey, did you take me to hospital last night? 
I saw him coke blaxckout on the subway at 9 this morning yelling at people callig himself the gatekeeper. 
Dude, you face planted, there was no "bar fight". 
apparently the bartender would rather give me free shots than tell me that my whole nipple piercing was hanging out 
Housing came buy and confiscated our shopping cart :&#40; 
Someone just asked if you were the one who rode around the bar on some girls back 
I just wanted to let you know that this afternoon I took a piss at the same toliet you drank out of on New Years Eve. 
You do realize I got a panda tattooed on my ass just to get you laid, right? 
my goal is to not remember how i make a living by 9pm saturday night 
You're like the curious george of whores 
I'm already mentally preparing myself for the fact that I'll probably be sleeping next to a toilet. 
You have to stop getting hammered and preaching about that mission trip to Haiti. 
You were sad because he was "taking it out on the plant" 
Ever since I told them the story of the sex in the canoe scandal its like I am in season 
Well, there are worse ways to make $50 at a gay club. 
We found them in a dumpster making out trying to get their privacy 
just had a memory of me telling homeless mark that it was the year of the bunny and he said "you da bunny, girl" 
Legit I think I might have gotten hepatitis C from licking the window of that last cab. 
It'll be just me and my penis against the world. 
I'm kind of concerned that there are now two different videos of me with knives 
Just ran into that guy that tried to take a dump in your pool 
Either you made a spaghetti vodka smoothie last night, or you puked in the blender. 
Ya I got a cut on my head from the toilet seat last time I drank there. 
Can we please stop calling your vagina the cave of wonders? 
i just remember sitting on this bed, naked, STILL WITH A CONDOM ON, and suddenly these random girls were in the room shouting at me 
Is there a reason why the cops knew her name as they were chasing her? 
4 random people called me telling me they found him sleeping in the fetal postion on a driveway 45 minutes after we lost him 
Just put a sign on a baby carriage that says "all daddy wanted was a blowjob" might get fired. 
If you're going to outback I'll have to decline, I've slept with a large enough portion of their staff already. 
WHATEVER CLASS IS PLAYING "TOOT IT AND BOOT IT" AT 8:30 IN THE MORNING, I WANT IN. 
I remember convincing the limo driver to smoke with us and if he did I would name my first son after him. 
Wait til she sees the pic of her vag in court docs. 
Why is there blood and lettuce everywhere? 
I got groped on the dancefloor by both grooms. I love gay weddings 
i'm sorry, but my penis isnt the solution to your problems 
oh yea it is. i was not expecting to look at a snowbank and just see flying mushrooms 
You said, "can you make out with him for a little bit, I need a break." 
IF CHARLIE SCHEEN CAN DO IT I CAN DO IT IM A PROFESSONAL 
apparently he thought telling me 'the weasel wants to come out to play' would somehow convince me to go down on him 
we bribed her with croutons and jello shots. 
Hes laying on the floorn in the bathroom telling Jesus to raise the flag 
How does me getting a new dildo make you crave olive garden 
Just an FYI: The offer for you to come snow blow my driveway in return for sexual favors is still on the table 
Are we responsible for the snowmen doing it doggy-style in my front yard? 
There is no way I'm taking advice from somone who's idea of a balanced diet consists of vodka and lemon detox juice 
while we were making out your friend starting kissing my toes and all you had to say was "just go with it" 
You wouldn't know anything about the tooth on ice in my freezer would you? 
yes you're required to wear a bikini its the snowpocalypse beach party 
My gynecologist inadvertently complimented your penis. 
I'm standing in line at the liquor store and they're making popcorn. 
we used a swiffer mop as a stripper pole. 
its not that he announces that he can deep throat a banana its the fact he knows he can and it makes me wonder how he found out 
Please tell me you're throwing the cats into this foot of snow. 
Just think of all the blizzard sex people are having right now 
Dude, you walked in on me 5 times each times you had a different person with you. And each time you lifted the covers up and said 'whats going on in here' 
and then he started using my ass as a stressball 
then he asked me if i wanted to "handle his wingman" 
oh god was she eating orange peels again 
I didn't think it was possible, but that girl next door is even louder when drunk. 
coming out of a blackout being surrounded by Disney police was not as awesome as it sounds. 
Someone better explain the burnt stove marks on my bed. 
I distinctly recall there being a "I can't be dead 2maro" stipulation to going out last night. There's been a breech of contract 
with all this snow coming, and no school, I figure why not try every possible liquor snowcone. 
I don't know, But i remember him licking ecstasy off my boobs and my boyfriend cheering him on 
No one will ever love me with the amount of puke on my hand 
You know, he picked a really shitty time to stop sleeping with me to pay attention to his girlfriend. 
then my gynecologist said "its like opening up buried treasure" 
I can count the number of hours she's been sober this weekend on one hand. 
I think I just need to get a pillow shaped like a toilet seat. 
Only you could be admitted to the ER and walk out with a nurse's phone number. I wish I was gay 
I come back into the room and you're grinding with the person in the mascot suit. 
I don't know if its because i'm stoned or what but painting my kitchen yellow makes it look crooked 
I wonder what my nutrition professor is going to think when I have to put 21 keystone lights, a bottle of merlot wine, and 5 rum and cokes and 4 shots of tequila on my dietary analysis 
It was one of those "I have no idea if this will ever happen again so I can't say no" opprotunities. Part of me was like, "You slut" and the bigger part was screaming, "Hell yeah" 
In your drunken brilliance did you make bagel with what appears to be mac and cheese smeared on top and pink icing dip? Because if so it is sitting on the counter 
He told me something must be wrong, because no one had seen my boobs yet 
I'll see your cousin, and raise you a sister. 
See, not all bad decisions involve my penis. 
Dave a horae rider a coqw boy 
Nicole, you can't keep coming over at 3am wanting to build igloos. 
why is there an outline of nathan's body on my wall in whip cream? 
in the event i get tipsy, my nipples are your responsibility 
We are possibly on our way, unless we see the limo full of strippers. 
we found a loaf of bread in my bathroom i believe its yours. sorry i took a shower before we noticed so it might be soggy 
The last thing I remember is him grabbing my ass and telling me he knew where the jello shots were, so I followed him. 
when we got back we had sex. but it wasnt til the morning that i figured out her leg was broken 
I know I'm her Sunday school teacher. I just feel I would be saving others from a lot of headaches by telling her someday she's going to be a stripper 
He just asked if I would make his black snake moan. Dating basketball players is not worth the glory 
and my souvenir for the night was a nice ambulance blanket 
should my break up email to my English professor be in MLA format? 
there was a sad and surprising lack of "did strippers and blow" in that sentence 
Side note: I think I fell asleep holding a cereal box 
it was surprisingly calming to be rocked to sleep by his roommate humping on the bottom bunk 
Isn't it statistically impossible for THAT many ugly people to be in one place at one time? 
She's grinding on a deaf black man and I'm the interpreter. 
he proceeded to grab my vagina through my leggings in the middle of the dance floor. strangely enough I was okay with it 
I just opened a bottle of wine with a shoe and a tube of mascara. Get on my level 
His penis has a special gift of curing my broken heart 
And you kept repeating "I didn't know know that this was a no blow job zone." 
i have a wrist watched drawn on my wrist that it says shot o clock 
I really think we need to get on this Charlie Sheen bandwagon 
I don't know what happen last night but the fact that it's 9 am and I need to put my dick in something means it didn't go as planned. 
I got kicked out of a mexican restaurant last night for being too drunk. This is getting dangerously close to rock bottom 
Her boyfriend only talks to me because I know her period schedule 
i just kept saying he was red &amp; i was blue and we couldnt become purple. I started crying at one point 
Ps I don't think it counts as being open minded if you didn't know he was missing a leg until you had already started making out. 
I just got licked by a stripper, not so great anymore. 
Emergency need house key where r u I just got shit o n 
Not sure if jager bombs can cure tuberculosis, but its a theory im testing as we speak 
someone needs to get her out of the garbage can shes never gonna forgive us for this 
In the middle of pouring my wine you asked me if I could hear your vibrator from my room. 
he asked you how you felt and you yelled "I FEEL SO PROACTIVE!" and started coloring with sharpies 
Getting too drunk for the hot dog vendor to serve me is possibly a sign of an alcohol problem. I threw up in the sewer grates next to his stand 
I seem to remember you being very disappointed that drinking Michelob Ultra didn't give you magic powers. 
She looked at it and said "your dick is like the golden gate bridge." 
I am soup sandwich. I have been at dAnce party 
OMG the post office opened my dildo! "we sincerely regret the damage to your package" 
i knew you were okay when you wanted to eat in the ambulance 
She told me I was lying in front of her toilet for an hour saying "lasers." 
I just woke up to pictures of every angle of his dick I'll ever need to see. 
eggs and jello shots do not qualify as 'brunch' 
Which is scary since we both think with our vaginas 
the bar told me i would have to take an hour break so they could wash the shot glasses 
He kept telling me how extraordinarily clean my ears were. 
Yeah someone just put a trash bag that says "use protection" on the snow penis 
I know it's not standard practice to meet the couple you donate to, but i'm curious as to what kind of people saw my picture and said, we want that girl's eggs 
Tell me you remember me getting a tampon from the girl throwing up in the next stall 
2nd semester senior, always drunk. at this point if i don't get a good parking spot, i turn around and drive home 
He told me that I smelled like a Glade Plug-in, then sang the Menard's jingle in it's entirety in between kissing me. 
after we had sex he told me his original plan was to have sex with my roommate but his buddy likes her so i was backup 
only you would end up drunk at a subway with a one-eyed homeless man 
she said she was living bicuriously through me. 
Also I may have a condom stuck inside me, but I won`t know til I check the couch coushions. 
Drunk versus high capture the flag: what team is everybody gonna be on? 
I wish I could go about my daily activities with his dick inside me 
I like that we make it a requirement to howl at the moon every time we get drunk together. 
just chugged some gatorade and threw it up. todays gonna be awesome 
Its like a relationship where they cockblock each other. 
Also, new rule: You are no longer allowed to send me a text with the word "dildo" in it before 10am. 
I guess I puked all over my hand too and I just looked at my roommate and said, "fix this." 
I don't know if it's lucky or if it really just makes my tits look THAT good, but I've never NOT gotten laid with this bra on 
Not to make her into that kind of girl, but she did have a condom mural 
There are paw prints all over my ceiling. 
she asked me which thongs i though her boyfriend would like best. fuck the friend zone 
I wonder if that one guy remembers you sticking salami to his forehead when he was passed out on new years eve. 
I'm gonna go out in a limb and say living out middle school fantasies is never a good idea 
the last thing i remember saying is "hope you like body hair" 
he laminated a picture of his dick. 
As a matter of principle, I waited until noon to start the drinking binge. 
the bathroom floor of the diner looks a lot different when you're not rolling around and puking on it. 
Mmmhmmm sure, nice try, but there's certain wounds that only bj's can heal 
He wore a Medeval Times crown while I gave him a BJ 
I am planning my day around naps and lesbians. 
The fact that he grabbed my boob in the middle of the conversation shows something needs to change 
She insisted on fucking on the futon mattress on the floor, answered the phone call from her boyfriend who was on his way to pick her up, and then had the audacity to ask if I was clean 
You can't just hum the Jaws theme song when you pull down my pants. 
Can we ask the Hungry Howie's guy to pick up some blunt wraps on the way over? 
Barack Obama mentioned plan B and suddenly this address seems a lot more personal 
Well, i'm not sure how that works so i wish both you and your vagina luck on your voyage. 
Two penises later: I might be straighter than I think. 
His best friend walked in while we were banging, turned on the light, yelled BURN, grabbed his computer to play the Thunderstruck drinking game, turned off the light and left. 
will you please explain to me as to why or how i have a dirtbike tread looking bruise on my back? 
all i remember is being at the diner with her at 3am and her storming into the kitchen to make sure the chef gave me regular fries instead of home fries. 
This might sound awkward, but can I borrow a dildo for class? 
She is just riding on my slutty coat tails. 
If we could never, ever tell mike i pissed in his closet, that would be really really great 
They were going around the house breaking things and screaming "Not my house!" 
I think it's our patriotic duty to get high and watch the state of the union tonight 
In case you were wondering, it hurts when the bouncer throws your phone at you after kicking you out of the strip club for taking pictures. 
he just sent me a pic of him naked with a bucket of margarita mix hanging off his dick 
I couldnt give him head when all I could hear was his little brother playing the piano and this family singing along to it. 
he passed out at 11 at a party. he deserved to be stripped down an duct taped to the floor 
He kept insisting that I was going to have an orgasm but it just felt like he was rubbing sand paper on my vagina 
you smelled like vodka, i think that's why my grandma liked you 
She kept screaming "best case scenario" 
He grabbed onto my boobs while slipping on ice then proceeded to drag me down with him I'm not predicting head in his future 
No, pictures of your dick will not make me feel better about my grandmother having a brain tumor. 
Either this is the best sandwich I've ever had, or my stomach is just relieved to have something in it that's not Red Bull or semen. 
You handed some guy a spoon you found, he yelled SPOON GAME, and then the two of you spent the next 20 minutes throwing spoons all over the kitchen. 
I dont know, my roommate got arrested but I'm gunna get some tacos no matter what 
does it count as cheating if I'm bettering him for his girlfriend? 
he seriously made his penis a facebook. 
When I find myself drinking from a boot I just go with it and refuse to ask why. 
that awkward moment when your booty call gets snowed in at your place. 
Of all the things I am low enough to do, how could you even doubt if that was one of them? 
I wanted to take a shower but I forgot we made applesauce in it last night. 
I'm genuinely dissapointed that we didn't make any fat chicks cry 
So not only did team sweden fail to particpate in any drinking game but i also found puke in my viking helmet this morning. 
Thanks for not waking me up before the firefighters chopped down my door 
As much as I'm all for laying on his living room couch, watching spongebob and having spoon sex, it's becoming a routine. 
I figured that I'd start organizing the places ive given head. I'll add treehouse right after bandroom 
i left after you tried to balance a shot of tequila on your head while screaming at the bar tender that you fucked his girlfriend 
thinking back, the fact that our bartender was missing a finger shouldve been hint number one not to let him pick our drinks 
i was on the fence about his sexual orientation until he referred to his marlboro loghts as "carrie bradshaws" 
She told me I should be a condom model. 
My dick was out way too much saturday not to get laid 
Using the ceiling fan to slice the hotdogs in mid-air can only be contributed to our liberal use of 1800. 
Sending me a thank you card for letting you fuck my sister was completely inappropriate 
It's like eating cereal and milk but instead of cereal it's gummy bears and instead of milk it's vodka. 
her roommates boyfriend drunkenly walked in on us banging and said yeeeeaaaaaahhhh and tried to high five me 
It really ruins the moment when you have to ask to resend the nude pics. 
searching my car for your cum before I have to give my grandma a ride to the airport. Thanks for this 
Pretty sure i didnt get thrown out cause why dont i have more bloody areas 
I know you're trying to keep the moaning to a minimum but the banging on the wall is totally giving you away 
I feel bad for the next person that's gonna live in my room. There's so much semen on the carpet 
i don't think my dad can get all that mad since he got arrested for almost exactly the same thing last weekend 
the fog machine set off the whole complexes fire alarm 
Man when i saw they were the only ones hard core grinding to the Cha Cha slide against the wall, I knew they were gonna have sex tonight. 
I get credit on the assist, you can thank me by taking a pic of her ass under the covers and sending it to me. It would make my YEAR 
The pregnant Hooters waitress told me to "make good choices". 
I tried to put the left over margartia in a box for you but they wouldn't let me 
Yelling drunk tank or bust at a cop, not a good idea 
On the brightside though, I found the motivation to clean my shower, it was right underneath my need to masturbate in said shower. 
just to let ya know we might have to take a stripper snowboardin sometime 
Hes still mad that I left the room mid-hookup to go get a pickle from the fridge. 
im just going to wait until i dont feel like the grim reaper is having sex with me 
Already puke and ralleyd and dressed like a bear. 
Should we discuss the rug burns on my back or just save that for a separate conversation 
note to self, drunkenly bedazzeling the silverware was a stupid fucking idea 
I just found a thank you note I apparently wrote to my bed last night for letting me borrow the comforter. 
You only ask me to come over when your gf is gone, and thats usually at midnight to cook chicken salad and watch you pass out 
my favorite part of the night was when I was in the bathroom frantically trying to get my cat whiskers and nose off to make hooking up less awkward 
But i guess when you use blowjob as a verb you are entitled to some language allowances 
You don't forget tits like those, even if you are vegas drunk. 
I swear I only do things like fuck 19 yr olds just to hear how you laugh when I tell you. 
new girl just came onto the hall stumbling drunk with no shoes on and the guy who brought her doesn't have them either 
we found you outside the hotel room sleeping with a note next to you that said " we made sure you were comfortable, hope your friends come back soon" 
Apparently I also called my credit card company to demand a credit limit increase. I'm so content with not drinking another 60 days 
what's not responsible about a pool full of beer? 
So my date night ended with us watching porn with his roommate. 
does she really think making her boyfriend delete me on facebook is going to magically stop us from hooking up? 
I made him sleep with a condom on and i passed out on the carpet with only a bra on. 
Please know that I fully expect you to help me steal a bed if I have a bad breakup. 
you called me and cried until i agreed to record a rap about our lives with you 
now I know why they wanted me to come. apparently gay guys are stripper magnets 
it was pretty much a given that i would lose my thong on dollar tequilla shot night 
Quick question: how long can sperm live in a rug? 
I feel like I should lick our pitcher just so everyone knows its ours 
i have to go- we're throwing the dummy from the balcony again 
If a Romanian girl's marriage isn't considered legal in the US then she's fair game right? 
please dont make me drink to the titanic soundtrack 
All that matters is I got the megaphone home safely 
it would be nice to just get drunk, not hook up with anyone, and not die this weekend 
he confused my yawn for an orgasm 
just got booed by the entire restaurant. 
i'm duct taped to my bed with a condom in my hand. something went wrong 
Well regardless of where or with who you will be blacking out and i will be pouring shots down ur throat like a baby bird 
Your dad needs a mid life crisis affair thing, I could totally be that girl. 
My roommate is trying to suck beer out of the rug. 
you were fixing your hair in the bathroom mirror and then fell backwards through the locked stall while she was in mid pee and fell on her lap. 
I'm thinking we can stop tracking my sex life by the hotels I've hooked up in and instead use bar bathrooms I've gotten head in. 
Can I have my ID back now or are you using it to crossdress again? 
This is the first time since last march I'm gonna be going to a class for more reasons than wanting to bone the girl sitting next to me. 
I feel the need to point out that one of the items on my to-do list for the day is "don't throw up" I have no concept of normal 
Is it awkward to ask someone I've slept with to officiate my wedding? 
i woke up to the sound of my roommate climbing onto my desk mumbling that she was going to bed 
i think every time you texted me i responded with 'bathroom floor' 
i chugged some hot sauce before i gave him head. i think a burning penis is a great way to say fuck you 
like when he blacked out and we found him in the garden eating your tomatoes off the vine 
Found out why they call her Halfpipe Jenny-NOT the cool reason we thought 
i just rememebered i spent like 5 minutes on the ground warming some chicks toes. 
when I sang my humps to you I meant it. 
You just kept insisting that you and the homeless man went way back, and that you bonded over how cold you both were. 
my bartender licked my nipple. never stay after hours 
Your like the Mozart of blow jobs, you make every other girl seem like cheesy elevator music. 
she added emergen-c to the bong-water bro, brilliant. 
I slept with him to see his dog one last time 
After much deliberation I've decided to name my penis "Arthur", hope your mom's surgery goes well. 
according to the random from alabama i slept with last night i kept saying "poor lil tink tink" over and over in my sleep 
Do you remember giving me altiods and wishing me good luck on the walk home? 
She's lying on the sidewalk wailing that she is gonna die alone, with hundreds of strangers watching us, and also we lost Kate, . Please help me 
Found my phone laying in a snow angel outside my apt this morning. 
I just put up a picture on my dorm room wall of that ginger you hooked up with to remind myself that everyone makes mistakes 
First lesson of the year: don't close the bar on mondays 
no i do not regret standing at the wendys drive thu handing the employees mardi gra beads to get free chicken nuggets 
just passed out again, this time at a subway. On a positive not they gave me a free sandwich, pretty sure out pity but at this point i don't care 
she made out with a stripper. how was scrabble night with your girlfriend 
Jon thought he was that blonde chick from Three's Company when he was shrooming 
Last thing I remember was you straddling a guy in a wheelchair on the dance floor. 
we found you in the closet, clutching coats that werent yours for stability 
We were confused who drove until we went outside and her cupholders were torn out of the dash and laying on the ground 
she got to the point every few minutes she checked to see if her boobs were still there. 
critical mistake not lubing the nipples 
He just kept pointing to each of us saying "arrested, arrested, arrested" 
But it's a terrible idea. One erection and it's gonna go wrong 
We had phone sex and he came in his sink. i will never eat off one of his plates again 
I mean, I know they're ugly, but I cant turn down a birthday threesome. 
Did you spray paint that captain morgan fifth that's in the freezer gold? 
Sorry really high. We have no lighter so we're lighting the bowl with rolled up paper towels lit by candle which also lit with a rolled up paper towel that we lit with the stove eye 
look up what dreaming that you're in a lesbian relationship with a manatee means. 
Sometimes I wonder how different my life would be if I didn't share a weekly margarita with my mom since i was 12 
Please get rnbert tn get chebk h'm in i'm no dead when he getr gome 
She was knocking on the tree demanding to be let in 
Can you do me a favor and fuck someone with a car so I can get a ride home? 
Hey on the reals though tomorrow if i take you out to lunch as just a friend will you also suck my cock as just a friend? 
drunk taco night MLK would want it this way. 
Pretty much gone. He was in the backseat and kept whispering that his "toes felt like pigtails" 
just when i thought we would make it home without incident he tried to walk a police dog 
To put it in a frame of reference with which you're familiar, it was like making out with a golden retriever. 
i walked outside and you were driving up the stairs to her apartment 
At the end of the night you handed the bartender a piece of paper with the word "VISA" written on it. 
I have the money I owe you for auctioning off your black thongs. Best 30 bucks ever spent 
Somehow I don't trust you in this state to talk to you about a colonoscopy 
stopped you just in time from sledding down the roof. 
She said, and I quote "how do you run with something that big between your legs". 
She counted 5,6,7,8 then intentionally kneed herself in the eye numerous times. 
I'd be surprised if he had a problem with boundaries after helicoptering his penis in front of you 
He was having trouble staying hard then just stopped mid-sex and said "it's overheating" while pointing to his dick. 
well on a positive note i hear those vitamins you take while pregnant do wonders for your nails 
No, he attached a coozie to his crutches so he can carry his beer around the party. 
not sure how we got back down, broken rib says we didn't use stairs 
bringing a ziploc bag full of Jim Beam to the movies may not have been the best idea. 
just watched the video of me leading you with a trail of french fries. 
I'm wearing cowboy boots and showing way too much cleavage to be in a place with no jaeger. 
Okay, lets just agree to keep all cutlery related activities to a minimum. 
You had a towel around you and you called it your shot bib. 
I'm not going to need your "it doesn't mean you're a slut" pep talk after all. 
well you decided to make everyone "drinks" which was sprite and beer mixed. 
i need to find a notary that isn't going to turn me in for blatantly lying to the us and chilean governments 
there is laundry and salad ALL OVER my car, i need context 
This does no justice to the amount of paint I'm covered in or the amount of balls I'm tripping. 
im just sayin im driving an hr to pick her up, just cause shes your gf doesnt mean i shouldnt be entitled to a bj 
It's gonna be pretty hard to find a homeless person that takes crackers as currency. 
I'm pretty sure we put the facepaint on during whippets 
The dentist told me I have super glue on my teeth. I'm not blaming you I just want to know how that happened 
I'm glad the dog doesn't judge me for doing leftover lines and watching George of the Jungle at 10 am 
she just came into my room, drunkenly shoved six dollars into my bra and told me to spend it on chicken wings. 
He was sitting at the table eating ice and said, "I'm pretty sure everyone in my family has nipples." 
I don't think he realizes it but he was stroking the faucet while he was talking to me. 
Should I be curious about Jeffrey randomly sending me a picture of him holding a crab, or just move on with my life? 
For the love of God you used a 40 foot extension cord to bungee jump out the off the 2 nd floor 
Just know that as we speak i am injecting vodka into gushers 
We name dropped you at the liquor store and got a ten percent discount! 
There's something really special about 3:00 in the afternoon drunk that just can't be duplicated at any other time of day. 
They poked me and kept screaming "LAUGH DOUGH BOY" it's like 3rd grade all over again. 
judging by the mobile uploads you added of me last night, we cant keep living this way. 
at least the cop wrote "happy birthday" on the ticket. 
I'm pretty sure that I'm earning a horrible reputation with your friends, but I'm having a fucking great time in the process. 
That combination of brocholi bacon eggs cheese ketchup and pasta would have been a revaltion had you not thrown up on the stove and put out the pilot light 
It felt like getting blasted with a supersoaker filled with vagina juice. 
Either I'm losing my touch or ED is running rampant in 20 something men now 
After he convinced me that my friend had died and come back to life, I decided I was having sex with him that night, and that I should lay off the drugs for a while. 
I'm gonna need you to NOT let me play duck duck goose with three racoons in the middle of the street next time. 
Well when you're drinking tequila mixed with water out of a steve Austin cup I really don't think acquiring a straw is your main priority 
Just had a flashback of you announcing "your nipples aren't that big for the size of your boobs, I've seen them" 
I mean its not the first time I passed out drunk at barnes and noble. 
Im only slightly posetive that left over guacamole and wine are unacceptable for breakfast at 6.30 am 
Haha its ok. When we got back you sat in the car and attempted to tell me in sign language you were blacked out lol 
do you think the bartender judged us for asking for shots of well vodka and water chasers? 
Company party. Just told vp "you look like a cat person" 
But besides the pee thing, he sounds like a nice guy. 
I'm more impressed with the spaghetti smoothie at the present moment. 
Let's make a pact to never get in a cab at 3am together unless it's to go home or for pizza. 
I have a feeling that watching gay porn with you was the reason I was dancing in a hurricane of floating dicks in my dream last night. 
Considering the fact that you wouldn't give me my cat last night because he was "destined for broadway", yeah, I'm accusing you of stealing him 
I have been drinking at the bar so long today that I literally just found a spiderweb from my leg to the bar. 
I started making my dollar bills into rings for the strippers 
searching "dave" under the university of pittsburgh on facebook was not exactly how i hoped to find my baby daddy 
it's kinda bad that we're already planning travel arrangements to his funeral 
She rolled over this morning and asked "did you refer to my vagina as splash mountain last night? " 
I'll call it a relationship when I stop masturbating after he goes to sleep 
That's cool, I just have to let the dogs out AND SO HELP ME GOD IF YOU TEXT ME BAHA MEN LYRICS WE ARE NOT FRIENDS. 
the amount of times i have wished for a boxed wine emoticon is almost alarming. almosttt 
He got drunk and insisted on licking my eyeball and called it a test of my trust in him. 
BIGGER SANDWIJH COME NIW OR DIE 
The mass text at 3:12AM offering "free scrotum tastings" will have repercussions 
I'm having a self conscious moment and I need your complete honest opinion of my boobs. 
He's 11. You dont draw dicks on 11 year olds, i dont care if he ate your lasagna 
I told the girl who was peeing in the garbage can she must have had a lot of upper body strength. 
Girl passed out in class and vomited. Another victim of syllabus week 
once you have herpes you dont really care what goes in your mouth anymore. 
the bar tender told me i could keep an air matress in the backroom. 
I can't tell if your life is amazing or needs reevaluation when "did I get hit with a nightstick" is a legitimate question. 
Ok see being that I'm not present or participating your vague texts "neeeeed that" and "vagina" leave a lot to question. 
in light of our recent drunken behavior, i think it's time we seriously consider hiring ourselves a babysitter. 
I'm pretty sure you thought I could absorb alcohol through my dress 
Don't worry we found her. Somehow she ended up on my roof with 2 bar stools 
Trying to guess which perfume the stripper was wearing based on my bf's clothes 
And a psychic told me I was pregnant and I am just so over life right now. 
she was wide awake when they drew a treasure map on her face the she passed out and they played like 7 games of tic tac toe haaa how was your new years 
Apparently she doesn't appreciate the significance of eskimo sisterhood as much as I do. 
And then somehow we were arguing over how to fold our arms 
Judging by what she did last night, I would say at least 4 of them have mono now. 
please dont ever try to drink horizontally again. I thought I was going to have to give you cpr 
You insisted on take shots off of plates. 
was this before of after we tobbganned into that tree? 
I've learned something. I regret way too may Tuesdays in my life to be normal 
In hindsight buying the pill crusher with my vicodin prescription might have been too much. 
He came in like 30 seconds. That's how I know he hasn't been cheating on me while I've been gone 
I guess since this is supposed to be my year of the lesbian it's okay 
your dad made us margaritas and breakfast on the morning. I think it's safe to say he relives his glory days through us 
i had to wake up at 4 am to do my laundry because I was afraid if I saw people in the laundry room they would judge me by the amount of clothes I had covered in vomit from syllabus week 
I just walked in on my roommates playing baseball with old vegetables and a bigass knife. 
Then she yelled something like "YOU HAVE SO MANY FORKS!" before collapsing on the floor 
btw when he was trying to sleep i was apparently poking him in the face w my 'flipper' slurring random manatee facts 
she was in the bathroom washing her eye makeup off with hand sanitizer. 
I just remember making out with this kid's friend, washing blood off my hands and hearing the RA's were looking for me. 
My patience ran out after you started clapping at the strippers everytime they took off a piece of clothing. 
He kept trying to order 'sex on the tennis courts' for a drink last night 
Oh, and my friends believe you should reimburse me for the brazilian that was gone to waste. 
We are gonna be 90 years old in wheelchairs at the nursing home sitting at computers poking each other and waiting for the other to die so we will have the last facebook poke. 
i like to finish this college football season knowing that not once have I had to masturbate to erin andrews 
disregard all texts ive sent you minus taco motherfucking bell 
We glued Jenga blocks together, called it "magic blocks" and sold it to the stoners for $50 and a bottle of Henny 
the moment we started interpretive dancing last night wouldve been a good time to stop drinking. 
you yelled "who's job is it to keep me from breaking shit" and then immediately ripped off the molding as you fell down the stairs. 
Give me the approximate price and I'll give you the equivalence in blowjobs. 
He just kept petting my ear and informing me that I wasn't one of the guys 
woke up with the bag of wine duct taped to my shoulder. 
She put up a picture of her grandmother on facebook, looks like the lazy eye runs in the family 
I just bought condoms at Big Lots. please save this text so you can laugh at me in 9 months 
I really want to know why half of my kitchen floor is missing. 
so why are there three stressed gay men and a bowl of vomit in the smoke room? 
He just made me apologize because his morning wood is NOT a laughing matter. 
we ran out of cups so i finished the night drinking out of a paint can. 
They thought we spoke German and French even though we just kept repeating "I give to you a cat" and "Are you drunk?" 
im pretty sure this vending machine only exists when im drunk 
once you get past the part where you think youre gonna die, its the most amazing drug ive ever experienced. 
sometimes i think my sole purpose in life is to cockblock my roommate 
Just wondering did you put mouse traps and brownies on my porch? 
Next guy we share better have a little more dignity than that 
I don't really know I'm just giving her a key to get back in and the "don't get pregnant speech" and leaving it at that. 
WHY AREWNT YOU HERE SO MUCH FUN STUFF DO IT GET IN CAR NOW caps lock 
We pulled over so he could pee and the next thing I know he's running down the hill by himself with his pants down 
she has her graduation year in her skype name, it's like a constant reminder that she's jail bait. 
I apologize in advance for attempting to drunkenly hookup with your sister 
Woke up to pictures of me cooking wings with a blow torch. 
there is a dude in the bar with no arms getting fed beers by his friends 
Does anyone know who that girl who fell backwards and broke the shoe rack with her head was? 
My professor complimented me on the well drawn penis on my face then asked if I would like a seat closer to the garbage can. 
We were gonna play Truth or Dare but like 10 minutes in we decided to get naked and play Dare or Get the fuck out. 
It wouldn't have been a big thing. If anything, I woulda apologized to you and cleaned the remote 
I found a tip from a dart in my bra this morning 
you asked the janitor if you could ride his floor cleaner. 
We shoved chex mix between her tits for her own survival. 
you handed me the dorito you were about to eat and told me to 'keep him safe' while you went to the bathroom 
She bit a glass in half. 
well i did drunkenly flip his snowmobile going 90, so i can kind of see why hes mad 
Just sit in your kitchen floor until something speaks to you. 
I looked at you and you stared at me dead in the eyes then sprayed febreze at your crotch and winked. 
Did you really just use your nipple as a unit of measurement? 
In the future let's not drunk dive in the fountain in front of the hotel bar. 
he likes to slap my ass alot untill he missed and hit his own balls poor bastard kept on going. 
dude there is absolutely no room for a slide in our room 
I've heard so many rumors about me being taken home in an ambulance I'm starting to believe them. 
No one even knew you were hurt until we saw the multiple cuts to prove it, and when we asked what happened all you could say was "I fell out" 
i told my boss i want to eat her tits. 90 percent sure i'm getting fired 
I think all I remember saying is, "I love Chris Berman's voice" and then I passed out 
Well, there goes the no drunk sex injuries resolution. 
does it count as a threesome if she tried to blow the dude who was passed out next to us? 
i gave her a can of corn and told her the cabs are accepting non perishable food items over the holidays. blatant lie and she lives like $40 away 
i've never seen someone face fit so perfectly in a toilet bowl 
Did you ever get our sex tape out of the rental car before you returned it? 
we agreed that it was acceptable to get the cat high as long as we gave her a lot of food. 
Should I mail that cop his nightstick or just throw it away? 
I thinking of taking all of the pics of his dick that he's sent me and making a calendar. 
If I buy you $300 worth of popeyes, will that make up for me trashing the house? 
whatever a "slut portfolio" is, mine is apparently almost complete 
On second thought, trying to signify she was a butter face by wiping my bagel on her cheek may not have been in my best of interests 
something had to give and with her weight the coffee table never stood a chance 
my mom just cut me up lemons and limes so i would have some vitamins with my tequlia 
All he wants to do is masturbate while I sit there with my big toe up his ass that is not even the worst part of it. 
they just named my boobs. Lefty is "Guenevere" and Righty is "I claim this boob for America" 
I've been thinking about it and if we ever have a threesome it'll start off with us clothed solely in our matching fur vests 
Everyone makes mistakes, yours just means you will forever be known as the chick that tried to steal a cheese plate from the funeral. 
my mom just asked if she should wash your furry handcuffs with the lights or darks 
all i care about is the story behind my toaster ending up in the microwave 
I know you don't remember, but the teeth marks on my face say it happened. 
Don't worry we did the "promise to get an abortion" handshake 
I'm calling into work with a wicked case of sledge hammer crotch. She has to understand 
Just found a 7-11 receipt for new years eve at 1:30 am apparently we felt the need to buy three jars of pickles and a gallon of milk does this ring any bells? 
She told me that as long as she kept starring at the freckle on her arm she wouldnt throw up 
I've decided to tape numbers to the bottom of my heels corresponding to the number of drinks I can safely consume in them. 
I think he thought he was a gentleman because he bought me the most expensive plan b at cvs 
we were sitting in the bathtub when she came in with her grandpas cane adn beat us until lindsay passed out 
The lid of our salsa is promoting a contest that ended in July '09 
I head back to the dorms in less than a week I'm not ready to see my roomate naked that much again. 
I just had a heart to heart with a stripper I'm becoming a dentist. 
So the bar isnt gonna put that broken window on my tab. appaerently they want cash 
Is waterboarding an exceptable way of getting sober? 
i just remembered i chipped my tooth last night when i pulled up your pants zipper with my teeth 
So i learned you can't hair-of-a-dog jaeger hangovers. 
The night started going down hill when she shot the cashier in the face with the confetti gun we bought at 711. 
At what point should i just give my brother a break and stop sleeping with his friends? 
Saw a guy in a chef outfit covered in mustard talking jiberish into his phone running across the skywalk. 
He somehow managed to accomplish karate kicking a door down, cockblocking my friend in the room, and writing "tits" all over the house with a blue sharpie. 
You'd be surprised at how many crooked penises are out there 
You threw up on yourself, then proceeded to tell us "to not make a mess in your car" 
can you look at this picture and tell me if you think this my kid? 
sometimes when i'm drunk i choose the spanish option on the ATM to challenge myself. 
We left the house and she said "let's go dick hunting" theres no way last night was gonna end up well 
I'm sorry for throwing the cheese everywhere, but it wasn't my fault. No one was enforcing disipline so not really my fault for not behaving 
Its not really a relationship, its more of a sex for booze program. 
I fatbooth all their pics then decide which one is the cutest even if they gained like 400 lbs and then proceed to fuck him. 
why does my status of facebook already read REHAB 2011 
just tried googling 24 hr taco bell and when i typed "24 hour" it autocompleted with fitness. buzzzz killllll 
Just got a message from a guy on a dating site who says he helped me remove lime pulp from my eye in a club toilet 2 weeks ago. 
The plan is to make enough mistakes this weekend to hold me over until spring break 
You told the entire McDonalds staff that I was a whore and that you didn't want your french fries cooked. 
Were you really trying to feed me potato chips while I was sitting on the toilet? 
Fuck it dude, we gotta bounce before she starts talking about her steve irwin conspiracy 
Of course I'm hard in the pics. If there's a chance that these pictures will cause a scandal later in my life I at least want my dick to look it's biggest 
We didn't need to cut her off. I'm pretty sure the lit candle she almost drank would have done it for us 
This girl can open a bottle without using her hands and she's 21. She meets my standards 
Is it a step in the wrong direction to ask my parents for a kegerator for graduation? 
that was after you ironed the burrito. didn't leave much cheese on the ironing board though 
I was talking to some girls while you were falling off your bar stool into the person next to you. 
It was a new level of awkwardness and terror. The high schoolers you fuck in the summer should never introduce themselves to your mom and godmother 
This is working out surprisingly well considering it started out with us using a christmas tree as a battering ram 
he picked an earring up off the bar floor and tried to give it to girls as a present. 
i just saw the eighteen different ways i could die and only after that did i realize i'd made a poor decision 
Woke up with my foot jammed into a VCR 
He had a beer bottle in each of his back pockets and was on rollerblades. All I remember is following him for about 10 minutes 
I started to trust fall random people on the dance floor 
ive got a scarf tied around my face holding bags of hashbrowns to it, im too boss to care 
You SHOULD feel empty, we were at the top of our game, and by that i mean snorting things we don't understand and only a few steps away from adultery. 
Found out that it IS actually possible to get road head from somebody in the back seat 
We did naked snow angels in 14 degree weather, you can't tell me you had more liquor at that party 
More likely there's a very shell-shocked cat wandering around somewhere, covered in potato peelings 
she said we were using the spray butter as air freshener 
The pet store wouldn't sell us fish because they said they could tell we were drunk. 
will emailing you the 64 kama sutra positions I want to try during the 3 days your here turn you on or terrify you? 
I think it was you who decided that coming home at 3AM and cooking eggs topless was the best way to end our night. Eating the scrambled eggs off each other's boobs, that was ellie's idea 
I would like to apologize for making you the target of my "I wish head hair grew as fast as Pubes speech" the other night 
By the end of the cruise, there was literally nothing in our room he hadn't peed on. 
I don't appreciate you drunk dressing passed-out me in spandex for bed 
she always winds up in the cupboards its nothing new. 
She somehow inhaled a tack last night, she's having surgery today. 
Apparently I gave him a 'Steve jobs blowjob' 
I tried carrying you from the bathroom to your bed and you begged me to bring the toilet too 
i should not be allowed to orgasm that much in one day. 
I blacked out after the shots of canned lobster bisque. 
she was using bread to soak up the vodka off the floor then proceeded to eat it. 
He just kept yelling "body massage machine go" at random intervals throughout the night 
I thought of you while cleaning the forehead prints off my glass doors. 
Sex with him was like teaching a two year old how to work a machine gun 
That's what you get for fucking someone nicknamed "wiggle worm" 
He compared my vagina to the first time he tried cocaine 
Opened my wallet to find a slice of ham with a phone number written on it in sharpie. 
you spent the rest of the night making a recipe for mixed drink called "the new years bowel remover". it has 13 parts but judging from the bold all caps, the boiled avocado is the most important 
He was just laying on the stairs and then screamed, "Is that a clubhouse?" I haven't seen him since 
i took it, then realized you live 3 ours away. but if you start driving now, im almost positive I'll still be hard 
You told me that you only walk into walls because it makes the room stop spinning. 
No that's sign language, not a drinking game. I tried to join 
If I threw up, how do I still have the same piece of gum in my mouth from the beginning of the night? 
I've decided, even as much fun as it sounds, I don't care for his sodomy box. 
Yes, she did suck your dick in the bathroom to wake you up. 
i told them to call me paula dean as i was making all 10 for $10 boxes of pizza rolls in the microwave 
Did he make you just lay your head next to his cock and talk to it again? 
I woke up in a place I've never been before, with people I've never met before using me as a table for domino's. 
When we started taking double shots of vodka and chasing it with a lick of fruit roll-ups, I knew there'd be hell to pay in the morning. 
good news. according to wikipedia, my blackout might just have been "post-trauma amnesia" 
You coming bye my yot got egg sweet carilne vodklaa 
I found a digiorno pizza in my washing machine. 
how did the keg end up in the top bunk? 
while we were dancing I voluntarily took my bra off and hung it around his neck as a necklace. 2011 lets go 
Just remembered i had an ordained minister bless my booze last night. 
hey did i steal that bike before or after the ball dropped, casue i might have broken my resolution already 
The lego bong didn't work. Just made us look stupid 
Resolution for 2011: blow jobs are a privilege, not a right. 
What are the odds of finding the one hot Australian dude with erecile dysfunction? 
Someone is gonna learn how to start an IV in the morning 
The fact that you think you peed off a roof shows you shouldn't have been on a roof. 
That's why they call him "the cheesegrater". 
You ever get that 6th sense feeling in your dick like you know its gonna get sucked later? 
There are lots of gay asians. This is better than i was expecting 
i screwed him while his gf was puking in the shower. 2011 is looking up already 
he gets drunk and then tries to eat the lasers at the dance club 
what kind of wine goes with anal sex and shame? 
I can't even use my hands i'm so hungover 
Does the whole "it was New Years" excuse apply this year? 
if this hangover is indicative of how 2011 is gonna be, i want nothing to do with it 
I'm sorry that spending new years with you was fucking my boyfriend in your bathroom multiple times 
Theres dried jager, barbecue sauce and frie remnants all over my front seat. 
So apparently the christmas orgy was a complete disaster 
All I heard was "I swear it'll be funny" and then we were in jail. 
It was only 12:11 and I needed to make a Pepto Latte and call it a night, I don't remember that being part of my new years resolution. 
Hippo gnu deer 
HAPPY NEWYEARSM FAGTRON! GETTING HEAD IN TAXI I WIN 
My friend just ordered a beer and poured it on the floor in celebration of open bar night 
the meat mosque collapsed into the alcohol moat 
I dont care about anyone or anything else I just want to make love to you on my air mattress 
She threw up in the hot tub how's your night 
I'm not being over dramatic, but I think my heart is going to stop beating. 
She was sitting there stuffing her face rubbing my back with a dorito cheese filled hand while eating something else with the other hand as I was crying. 
She bent the beer can with her tongue. I'm scared of what she'll do to me 
I'm gagging in the liquor aisle just thinking about how much alcohol I'll be drinking this weekend. 
the cops didn't wanna shut the tailgate down but the strippers weren't allowed to take money without a license or somthing 
thank you for tagging me in all my pictures as "skank" and yourself as "made by the hands of God" 
Jason and steven are boiling shrimp in the microwave again 
we decided it was best to cut you off after we caught you trying to "baptize" my cat in the jungle juice 
Judging by the amount of alcohol multiplied by the amount of her exes here, tonight will be ending in tears. 
i find it unbelievable that you didn't think it was necessary to intervene when i started letting people autograph my body with spray tan. 
Shaun got a portable breathalyzer for christmas so now we can tell who the biggest pussy is at the end of the night. 
new years resolution, not be in jail at midnight for 3rd year in a row. 
had to split buying plan b over two cards. I will no longer challenge people to get on my level 
i want to get drunk and sing the national anthem on your roof again please. 
Woke up to the first three complete chapters of my new novel titled "If My Dick Could Talk" waiting for me on my laptop 
Did Kevin really put his bar tab under the name Hercules last night? 
There was a suspicious looking plate that suggests I may have eaten salad with gravy 
He was at the bottom of the stairs showering himself with the popcorn, then eating a few handfuls and running around. 
If we both stop thinking about your penis for just a moment, we'd realize it is important and good that you are spending quality time with your family 
I also would have accepted most things ending in "job", erotic favors, and food. 
My mom is helping me re-arrange my room to make New Year's more hook-up friendly 
He passed out on the floor and you kept hitting him in the dick and screaming "hammer of justice". 
I hope to God 2011 is the year I stop loving tequila. 
After throwing up in a tequila bottle on my nightstand (still not sure how she did that) she asked if she could slip into something more comfortable. 
After 12 shots he decided to show us knife tricks. You can figure out how it ended 
You came back with four clearly unattractive women and wanted to throw a dance party in my room. 
I DONT WANT TO PLUS I THINK I FLUSHED MY KEYS DOWN THE TOILET WHILE I WAS PEEING 
this must be what syphilis tastes like 
remember to ask your mom about the name of her pet duck so we can name the bowl 
are we at that level where i can tell you your girlfriends tits looked really good yet? 
there is no way i can order from that cashier at in n out after she tried helping me while i was drunkenly puking in their bathroom at 11 am 
i have a surprise for you that looks bigger since I found my body hair trimmer 
All I'm saying is that whoever owned the wheelchair clearly didn't need it or they wouldn't have been able to leave it there 
turkey basters and jungle juice, is that really the whole shopping list for new year's? 
It started as a joke and ended with a trip to the emergency room, a broken macbook and a gigantic hole in the concrete of my driveway. 
Well, that's a 3 inch weight lifted off of my vagina 
He looks like the kind of guy that would jack off to weird things. 
I think he just gave me the 'I used to sleep with your sister' discount 
She told me she needed to clarify that we are not fuck buddies, we are best friends that have sex once in a while 
went thru the pain of a Brazilian and he's passed the fuck out while i eat Doritos and watch tbs. fuck married life i want out 
trying to imitate man vs food after 12 shots doesnt mean youll get laid 
Explain to me how "cheap asian titties" is a complement? 
If a young child walked up to you and grabbed your penis, you'd feel violated too. 
We are NOT roofying him just to get him to pass out so we can build a masive snow cock in his yard. 
Apparently the last thing they remember of me was me stumbing into a bathroom, then falling out 5 minutes later clutching a butter knife repeating "ketamine goes in my face hole" 
This is one of those times where I really wish my vagina could tell me what happened last night. 
So i'm in a museum and theres a punch bowl from 1765 with a picture of 3 men forcing the 4th to drink the punch bowl. Colonial hazing 
You spilled spaghetti on the floor, and kept telling the noodles to "settle down" as you tried to clean it up 
he doesn't drink and he's an emt - he'll be our dd for nye in exchange for a threesome tomorrow afternoon. 
Just woke up to find myself cooking eggs on the imaginary stove in my room. 
the ceiling is raining jello shotss 
The cab driver had me sign for the payment and I was like give me a second while I throw up right outside your door. 
Did I ever tell u about how my buddy fucked peter coors's daughter and made a tshirt that said I TAPPED THE ROCKIES with her picture on it? 
the awesomeness of being snowed in wore off after we ran out of beer and we realized we really didnt want to be stuck with everyone. 
We uncovered another pile of vomit after you left. And i am not talking about the one in the vase 
I'm at a party with half naked strippers driving in a little kids battery powered mustang around a stipper pole in his bedroom 
Its pretty simple actually, if she texts me either Grr or Rawr it means she is horny and wants to bone. its a perfect system 
I know everyone screamed lady cop instead of cops. I wanted to apologize to her for our chauvinism 
i have no feeling in my penis or fingers but i think it was worth it 
She gave 2 thumbs up when Nirvana came on the radio while blowing me in the bathroom 
Playing a game in life called "how far can I make a man travel for a booty call" 
you wore rainboots all night because you said the forecast called for wine spillage 
I just couldn't help myself when there was a FOUNTAIN OF SHOTS 
he ruins everything I try to do including his roommates 
I added "don't hook up with boys with girlfriends" to my new years resolution and realized how sad it was that it made me actually feel like a better person 
She started licking your face, then you turned to me and said "I guess thats my cue", and you proceeded to hook up with her. 
Its like I instantly had a mental image of me in my mugshot. 
Don't park in the garage. I installed a stripper pole while drunk and it's kinda in the way 
I've created a drink called, "watching the sound of music with grandma." its straight vodka 
the igloo is complete. bring your weed and the hat with the floppy ears 
Just so you know, a true one night stands ends with a 7 minute blow job after eating a sandwich she made for you while the taxi you called for her comes 
I prob couldn't even get his attention if I had a dick growing out of my forehead 
I called her new haircut "lesbian progressive" and now she's upset 
i told you he always needs adult supervision he just tazered himself 
She sent me a pic of shot glasses on fire if that tells you anything 
At what point were we discussing suction-cupping a dildo to the wall? 
He came over while I was in the ER and hung pictures of himself around my house. 
It's like that depressing moment when you drop your cocaine in the snow. 
i'm getting the "you hooked up with my friends" speech from him. i'm returning with the "gotta keep my quota up" speech 
i left with the words "thank you for undersanding my sluttiness" 
I don't remember much but I remember it was a unanimous decision that Santa was indeed real and Cait's stripping somehow proved this. 
Trying to convince my mother to let me take some of my sisters Lortab to sell is not going well 
Just when I think I'm the one with the problem, I get home for the holidays and the family shows me what alcoholism is really about 
It reminded me of the time my mother gave my Bailey's in my stocking when I was 14. 
all he has to do is look at me on new years and hes getting laid. thats how hot he is 
You insisted on drinking champagne out of the dog bowl 
she stopped mid-blowjob to explain how to acheive the haircut shown in the movie 
yeah except there is a correlation between drinking moonshine and going blind, which kind of concerns me 
my mom and grandma just had a splits competition. slut runs in the family 
She either was great at sex or I finished the whole bottle of svedka my self 
hypothetically speaking is slutty or smart to buy plan b before we go on spring break so i dont have to get it in mexico 
I just figured out, there are 9 children in this world that I can look at in the face and say "I fucked your mom." 
It's safe to say that our attempt at trying to fuck in the grand Sierra elevator was a bad idea. 
I feel wrong giving my mom a cash gift full of dirty stripper money. 
We have video of him nailing the sex doll to my wall and putting all the monopoly pieces in her nose 
buying my parents vodka for Christmas is like buying a normal person socks. 
i'm sure god appreciates how great my boobs look during this fine christmas eve mass 
He had me believing he was actually British until he came and used his real voice. 
I want an alcoholic time machine so we could skip to new years eve 
He woke up licked his hand and put it on my vag and went back to sleep. This is twice this week and its only wednesday 
2010 has been the year of the Eskimo brother. Let's see how many igloos we can shack in next year 
and you wish you could be eating a cookie right now. but all you get to eat is a penis 
You were mounting an escalator last night, shouting "I have no health insurance" at people 
if the best thing you can say about him is "he probably wont kill me" you may want to rethink hanging out with him 
Despite what happened tonight, Im still expecting Jesus birthday sex 
mom just asked if we are going to need more kaluha as she pulls 5 out of the cupboard. this xmas might kill me 
I woke up to her staring at me in a corner moaning over and over again about how good the pie crust tasted 
My mom is purposely blasting Shania Twain downstairs so I can't jack off. 
Retelling stories from our semester makes me realize we need to get tested for herpes. 
How long does it take to cook a corndog over a candle? 
That was around the time you tried to kick me out for being rude to your fish. 
Wore last nights jeans to Christmas Dinner with the fam, found a half gram of blow, while they're praying ill be railing. 
Who cheats on Christmas eve? It's just asking for Jesus to hate you 
You convinced me that eggnog and rum is a great moisturizer. 
I will now attempt to shave my public hair into a Christmas tree. 
I told my dad that bagels were the equilelent of angels kisses and if he bought me one i would do a split 
The size of her vagina has nothing to do with the size of her heart bro 
Heating the house with the oven may not be safe but at least it's always preheated 
Its not christmas eve unless I give him head. I wont take no for an answer 
Hypothetically, how much legal trouble do you think i will be in for stealing someone's dog? 
while you've been gone this has kinda turned into some sort of fivesome-type thing. just thought i should warn you for when you get back 
there's nothing like the elf drinking game to get me in the christmas spirit. 
I hid a girl's boot last night so I could ransom it back this morning via the "blowjobs for boots" program. 
you screamed santa and jumped in front of 50 kids to tell him you wanted a bong for christmas. 
peeing off your aunts pourch into the koy pond seemed like a good idea at the time 
I found a big gulp cup full of vomit in my freezer, are you behind this? 
yeah, but the likliness of me finding my husband at a party where the facebook event is titled "NEW YEARS EVE SHIT SHOW" is highly unlikely 
I can't remember if the bartender cut you off after you broke your glass or after you wished the bar a happy winter solstice during your karaoke number. 
The Fresno prostitute seemed offended all I wanted from her was directions back to the freeway. 
I'm so proud of us for fucking the same friend group before we met in a completely unrelated instance. 
All I can think about is getting a lawsuit and chocolate 
Then you screamed "fuck her like shes not your sister tonight" at the people walking down the road. 
you grabbed his arm with one hand and the bottle of smirnoff with the other and headed off to your room you were on a mission 
I think I told some stripper my friend owned Groupon Last night 
you set the microwave for an hour telling me that the done sound was your alarm. 
For some reason I have a hard time believing getting drunk and recreating a movie about singing transvestites is ever very far from a situation you're in. 
My mom made me write an apology letter to all my family for hijacking the eggnog. 
She gives me Chlamydia and somehow I'm still the asshole 
One girl peed the bed, one lost her panties, another woke up on the piano, I have pink eye and door knobs are missing. This is why I stay in Nebraska 
I couldn't open my car door and for a second I thought they were taking me to an intervention circle. 
Well now that I've given all the athletes mono there goes our chance of winning any conference championship 
idk but i have you stored in my phone as 'guy with beard doing body shots' 
So I just bought underwear that says "I'm taken." Just know that when I cheat on my bf with you, that's what I'm wearing 
Next time I say "Watch this" Get me the fuck out of the bar. 
My walk of shame got a new perspective when I walked into his livingroom and found his roommate fucking some chick on the coffee table. 
and this is why we should make december sharting awareness month. 
I had to convince you not to write "happy birthday to the first guy who fingered me" on his facebook wall, right above the post from his current girlfriend's mother. 
No I am not eating basil off your cock 
I should have but it might be too early in this fuckbuddyship to emasculate him 
I want to apologize in advance in the event I put my boobs in your face 
ive realized i need to start an "avoid moving in with my parents after graduation" fund 
Everything was good until you pulled the bartenders hair because she cut you off 
peeing on that welcome mat was like, the highlight of my week 
I wish we could tell the moving van to wait at the strip club for a while. 
I don't know what the fuck is in the water in New Hampshire, but these dicks are HUGE. 
We really need to check into harvesting part of our liver now 
We've been here 3 hours and the only 1 word answer she didn't give was the drink order. Don't think I'm getting laid tonight 
i talked to you about this last night, and you kept saying "he wants yo pusssaayyyyyy" 
I could be wrong, but im pretty sure i jumped off the roof after my lighter. 
We got a Christmas tree, decorated it to surprise his wife And kids who were out of town for her father's funeral, then fucked like rabbits on their new mattress before he had to pick them up at the airport. 
I wish i could 80s montage me losing weight 
How did you get the entire couch up on it's side and into the bathroom? 
he told her to call him "Frog Legs" and she still fucked him and not you. 
apparently i'm the only person who has heard from her since saturday. she texted me "burt reynolds" at 2am sunday 
Do you think she hates me because I thought her roommate's name actually was Butterface? 
Um he just came into the kitchen naked to get her purse or something? 
using smirnoff bottles as a pillow actually isnt as uncomfortable as you would think 
Her little brother walked in right as I was finishing and was like "uhhh hey there's a lunar eclipse outside" 
Nothing like a Mormon bachlorette party to make you feel slutty 
Nothing like all your friends getting engaged to remind you how much fun sleeping around is. 
i told you the emergency thong was a good idea. 
Hahaha alright after 5 shots I'm not allowed to touch glass or boys with girlfriends. 
Look dude I'm sorry I used your bong to snorkel in my bathtub last night 
right before he passed out he said "take care of your tender spirit" 
How creepy of a mustache can you grow by wednesday night? 
She stared for a good 10 seconds before calling my dick "awe-inspiring", and then proceded to give me blueballs. All in all the ego boost made my night break even 
I came home to the cats covered in paint and he was asleep in the tub with a firefighters hat on. 
Thanks for the ave Maria song you left on my phone that lasted for TEN minutes. 
3 girls crying in the bathroom at the bar. Its like a Christmas song 
I feel like you pissing on my ping pong table isn't something to be proud of. 
Part of my whole not being a slut anymore involves not giving other peoples boyfriends blowjobs 
I cant believe she fell for the mistletoe belt AGAIN. 
got so drunk i was kicked out of my own birthday party and tried taking a bottle of vodka with me 
i had to cut you off after you shoved a bunch of bottle caps in your mouth and pretended you had braces. 
I feel like I should come with a warning like "Orgasm free since 1983" 
Take this only to mean that we love you, but we're having a serious, half-hour, hypothetical discussion about how far we think we could throw you. 
it was a whole new experience in the world of ball fondling 
At home depot. Final room inspection is tmrow, gotta paint over the puke stains 
I cant help but love a girl who informs me of the pregnancy test results by emailing me a YouTube clip of Barney Stinsons not a fathers day speech. 
You were walking around with a baby carrier pretending your vodka was a baby. You tried to get pictures on santas lap 
Highlight of my weekend: having my card suspended due to "suspicious charges" and standing in line at the gas station yelling at customer service on the phone that I really did go to 4 different strip clubs in one night 
please don't text me until you can spell three letter words again. 
You kept telling the cops that our ice luge was practice for the next winter olympics 
I just realized that he was my first random hookup that didnt cause a massive breakup or divorce. Im starting to grow up 
My dad just told the waiter to keep the pitchers coming until someone passes out. 
And we should impose a 'friends don't let friends order 25 shots at last call' rule 
what is the most politically correct way to ask if he still hangs out with the guy that has blue hair and make meth in his car? 
Either way, he made a blog for his cat. 
thats the sluttiest christmas spirit ever. 
Just got physical proof that at 6 am i was running around with raw potatoes threatening to mash them on his floor. Hello, Mobile uploads 
I definitely recall eating shredded cheese out of the bag while you were wearing that apron. 
why the fuck would he compare you to sexy aquatic creatures? 
I just remembered how awesome your handjobs were in 7th grade, you were a true champ, thank you 
Im going to buy a thermometer. If its above 104 im going to the hospital if its under 104 im going to the bar 
My mail consisted of a box of dildos and christmas card from grandma. 
the elusive kegmastree, who's mystery is only exceeded by it's power 
the "its better than getting an actual virus from an actual porn star" argument failed. 
You fell asleep leaning on my shoulder at the bar 
They thought "watering it down" meant adding more vodka 
Just had a stripper snatch my glasses off my face with her ass 
Now he's lighting his socks on fire 
maybe almost giving yourself a concussion counter acts a hangover 
i will see naked twins by the end of the night. that's all i know 
I think I explained what happened in the voicemail. But I think I might have just cried and ranted about how cool osiris shoes are 
So recap time do u remember biting that girls hand? 
We thought we had lost her until we found her in the bushes a block away singing "Jingle Bells". 
just went back to the bar and asked if they found a shoe last night. 
just gave another girl i passed on the walk of shame a high five 
You made me wash my hair in the kitchen sink while eating bay leaves 
Frozen waffles and wine. Loneliness-party of one 
It's sad that my net worth at the moment is 4 beers 
She tried catching cigarette ashes on her tongue like snowflakes. 
he has a knack for choosing the worst time to masturbate 
Has now officially visited every ER in this city in one semester. 
She definitely looked like a troll, but I had take one for the team. Or at least thats what I keep telling myself 
we knew you were done when they played It's All Coming Back To Me Now by Celine Dion and you started crying 
Woke up to a huge puddle of water in the living room floor, apparently I made an indoor snowman. 
When I opened my laptop there was a half eaten little debbie oatmeal cream pie inside. 
How is it possible that i have sex with a guy and he makes YOU breakfast 
hes trying to draw the periodic table on his chest with a sharpie. i'm not sure how thats going to help him on his chem final, but he keeps shouting "this is how the pros do it" 
it's official, i've been high in 26 different states, and three different countries. 
I think you blew our chances when you yelled "YOU SLUTS COMING TO THE TITTIE BAR?" in their face 
If letting him bang me while i'm wearing reindeer antlers and a painted red nose isn't the christmas spirit, I dont know what is 
I've never played a more sexually-tense game of Uno in my life. 
it's like russian roulette but with a penis 
OMG stoned with flashing lights behind me, I was freaking out until I realized I wasn't driving my couch 
Im eating the cereal I found in my pocket and drinking wine out of the bottle. 
apparently he's bringing me two things i like. he said one was him and i'm assuming the other one is his penis 
I dont know why the TSA people are looking at me wierd. I mean there is no way i am the only hungover college girl here with nine tally marks on her hand and last nights glitter on her face 
He said something pertaining to Ragu and vodka I'm worried 
There's nothing I can say to make me pepper spraying you any better 
Apparently she ran into the Emergency Room declaring "ROOM, PLEASE" as if she were checking herself into Holiday Inn. 
I'm handcuffed to the toilet. Don't ask 
if theres anything i pride myself on, its my ability to look homeless. 
I'm worried I'm going to miss my flight so I set a series of alarms on my phone to act as checkpoints to make sure I'll be there. 2am-stop drinking; 4am-stop fucking stephanie, get some sleep; 5am-wake up, fuck stephanie once more; 6am-get to the airport 
I assume you will show your seat mates your vibrating cock ring. 
For my job application I just put "community gardener- personal business" for my previous work experience in place of the neighborhood pot grower/distributor 
The look I see on guys faces when they realize my nipples are pierced remind me of when my mom used to come home from the grocery store and surprise me with poptarts. 
He had a cowboy hat I don't know where from and he was trying to lasso a snowman with a dog leash. 
Totally using formspring as an incognito way of making sure that girl from last night wasn't jailbait. 
I wish I could go back in time 3 years and tell my freshman self how easy it is to hook up with freshmen 
Oh so it was one of those "I shouldn't have gotten in a cab with a random 21 year old girl" kinda nights. 
did anyone else see me puking into my coat sleeve? 
You spent about half an hour trying to convince me that mesh condoms were a good idea. 
Am I the only one creeped out by the guy asleep behind our couch? 
Hold on there are flying pancakes I can't handle this right now 
I need you to send me a picture of your dick. I want to forward it to that girl and you and i both know you're more impressively sized 
I'm pretty sure I just had a convo with my hot pockets about how they weren't good enough for the oven. 
Just went through ex bf's and hook up buddys and liked pictures of them on facebook. A friendly reminder that I will be back in for the holidays 
the threesome consisted of him fingering dana while i laid next to them watching how i met your mother. 
i will be the first lesbian to ever fail women's studies. 
We fucked on top of all of our English papers in celebration of the semester ending. 
you're the only person I know who would bring a water bottle of screwdriver to a wedding, and toast with it during the speech 
At this point do you think buying mom a pot plant would be funny or highly inappropriate? 
we've had sex 4 times and he still refers to me as 'the chick in my chem class' 
That's what you said about that spiderman stripper, but look how that turned out 
Thinking about fake proposing to my gf just so the middle aged women next to us will buy us drinks 
I take that as "no I'm not driving you to the bar in a blizzard" 
Annd you probably wouldn't of fallen down the stairs if you didn't insist on taking 'finale shots' 
You have no idea how much I'm praying for my moms side of the family's infertility right now 
just stole 2 cases of forties from some freshman in the woods by pretending to be a cop. that ten dollar spotlight is really turning a profit 
this kid is using one arm to help his buddy with a keg stand, and the other arm to hold up the chick he's making out with. 
Is there a card that says "Sorry I got drunk at your Christmas party and tried to steal your monogrammed hand towels so that I could give you something nice for Christmas"? 
Was waiting for the adderal to kick in then realized I had been brushing my teeth for eighteen minuites 
You always know it is going to end badly when a guy asks if he met you at a "coed naked lawn bowling party" 
We convinced him to snort an altoid. We should not be allowed to drink together 
christmas break will be like the 25 days of orgasms 
it was like i was on a global safari of uncircumcised men 
i was so fucked up i thought i was at home depot 
She's the barista slut. 
I love how our sober spotter means you only have to stay sober enough to type your pin in an ATM 
Its a bummer that corporate america doesn't believe in $2 u call its on a Sunday night 
Without me, you would never be able to say you partied with a midget! 
if you lined all their dicks up next to eachother, it would be like at&amp;t bars 
If I have to take him to the hospital, I'm drawing dicks on his face 
Did you pluck my eyebrows one night when I passed out? 
I can't begin to describe what I look like walking through the grocery store with this outfit and chocolate syrup. 
I swear, if he gets me a bowling ball for Christmas, I will throw it at him. 
when i got there he was on top of an air mattress in the middle of the pool with a bag of doritos and a 40 telling people he needed his space. 
Haha o man how much you've grown. From beer bonging wine and wearing cargo shorts to well, beer bonging beer and wearing cargo shorts 
this islike a room full of reasons why i should be in prison 
Nope, just sitting on the couch, eating an advent calendar, being depressed about the herps. 
maybe if i keep dancing i won't throw up 
did you seriously make the punch out of vodka and food coloring 
Was this before, or after you took my brand new bag of shredded cheese, and "Made it rain"? 
She's good at three things and two of them involve dicks. And other one involves her love for arts 
Just so you're aware, tomorrow is "Slow Clap when you see Mike" day. 
We have to give a final comment in english, i think i might say "i learned it's a bad idea to make out with people in your classes who have girlfriends." 
I meant to tell you earlier: bad life decision saturday has been moved wednesday this week 
Dude give me 4 good reasons we shouldn't trade girlfriends tonight 
hey, do you know how many packets of jello it takes to turn a handle of vodka into slutty girls? 
I would have rather watched a full length video of myself masturbating than heard that. 
He said "ride me pocahontas" while I was on top of him last night 
You yelled "sharpie war!" then jammed it in her ear 
I had to download the flashlight app so I could finish taking a dump when the power went out. 
I just licked the seasoning off all the doritoes in the bag. Tell me when I should stop drinking or I'll just move on to the sunchips 
I usually would've stopped there but I kinda remember opening the bottle of vodka, and we ALL know that's when things go downhill. 
she said "i got this" and then fell on her face. within grabbing distance of the wall and her boyfriend 
The UPD just told me that he was going to call the cops if i try to run. you owe me 5 dollars, i told u they arn't real cops 
Why did I think it was so necessary to steal that rolling pin? 
This titty bar has wifi. I just did FaceTime stage side 
should i be impressed or disgusted that i was spitting glow-in-the-dark? 
Shame should no longer be a word in your vocabulary. 
So befoe we go on this mission how reliable are you for bailing peope out of jail 
Have you ever wondered what your stripper song would be? 
just cockblocked my boss's 17 year old son at the Christmas party 
Pretty sure a homeless guy just told me to 'lick his balls clean' because I looked at him. 
Were taking tot shots. If toddlers could drink these are the size of shots they would take 
We need to buy some popsicles so we can remind ourselves we're good at this. 
Of course she said it wasn't that good, I don't bring my A game to pity fuck the thrice divorced girl from work 
So I just learned that my father was teaching me rules for drinking games when I was 5. 
Hes the only one i know who can talk to a girl for an entire hour abuot the science in starwars and still get laid. 
Kill yourself wednesday started off with a bang, and im pretty sure im still drunk from tequila tuesday. 
I am trying to figure out how to tell this kid i have a boyfriend in a way that still allows me to smoke free weed 
I want something that's relevant to him banging her right after I did. Like "runner-up" 
now that we've slept with the entire soccer team i think its time to expand the horizon. 
So I drew a giant robot attacking a city on the chem test. My TA colored in the fire on the burning building 
I mean, we started to hook up but my asthma attack kind of killed the mood 
The prescription for my birth control just blew away in the wind on my way back from the health center. It's like god wants me to get pregnant 
i take my contacts out every time we fuck so i cant see all the stretch marks 
there is no 'pace myself' on the blackout express 
Yep we found him face down in my sister's bathroom begging for blowjobs without mustard 
u know how some weekends you just wanna go out and ruin a relationship? this is one of those weekends 
He confessed to putting dry erase marker dots on my vibrator to keep track of when I "electronically cheated" and then passed out. 
Dude that musta been some handjob last night. The sound of her pandora bracelet kept waking me up 
If I die I am blaming you for not answering to tell me the proper dosage of horse tranquilizers to take 
im not going to any frat parties next semester. for once i want them to think its actually hard to get in my vagina 
the paramedic just looked at me like "you again?" 
I wish I could sell my textbooks directly to my drug dealer and cut out the middle man 
I had to do a class evaluation today & the girl beside me didn't fill in any bubbles she just wrote in huge letters RETIRE across the whole sheet 
he just made me do "this little piggy" to his toes. 
he said i looked like a lion with slutty lingerie on . 
just used clorox wipes to give myself a whores bath. hello finals week 
It's horrible of you to say your above all this when the bar uses your drunk picture to scare people. 
Only in this snowstorm did have I realized the lengths I'll go to to get laid. 
This is the last pregnancy scare i've had since i was 12 and i thought you could get pregnant from masturbating. 
I'm gonna sleep with her just to prove to my roomate that shes a slut and he's wasting his time 
i really appreciated the lovely drunk rendition of whitney houstan's "i wanna dance with somebody" you left on my voicemail. 
Remind me if I threw up on you last night or if that was just a dream. 
Hey for future reference vodka can not be substituted for water when shaving your legs 
Then you ran outside and said you were gonna give the snowman a blowjob 
Using 'equal to a modern day cock block" in term paper, inappropriate 
Sitting in a bubble bath with my bong, how's your morning? 
I don't think the cop knew you were on ecstasy until you asked for a back rub. 
i had the all of mcdonalds chanting USA as he motorboated you 
He tried peeing out of the sunroof. 
I was just "that girl you seen blowing some dude outside when you drove by" 
If im still in the bathroom puking when the sirens go off please distract the cops. 
I feel like college is just an experience in what names I can't name my future son. 
he told me that my best friend was "one the most attractive people he's ever seen" and wondered why he didn't get a blow job 
i'm going to look back at this as the time of my life when i casually dated that autistic guy 
He told me his penis would be a "Sad Panda" if I didn't give it a ride through the jungle. 
And PS thanks for calling it my "sexual liberation" and not "slut fest 2010: part deux!" 
when i'm drunk i think im just gonna point at him and yell adultery is a sinnnn. youre going to helllll 
i wont go near him until the smell goes away , and he takes the chex mix box off his head. 
I don't care what anyone says I want strippers at my funeral. 
It's so cute when the exchange student uses "blowjob" as a verb. 
Apparently I had an idea for a cooking show and then proceeded to throw cookies at people. 
Some mysterious chinese delivery man dropped off 2 free egg rolls. Clutch 
Please tell me how you drunkenly remembered your social security number when we were checking you into the ER. 
The bartender gave me a roll of masking tape so I could tape my heels to my feet so I wouldn't lose them when i went drunk running later that night 
I didn't know how to tell her I was too busy getting stoned and making a baked potato to meet up and finish our group project. 
I'd just like to give a shout out to jesus and plan b for making this day possible. 
I feel like I'm in a bed a bagels and mistakes. 
Just because he saw my boobs doesn't mean he knows me all of a sudden 
Is it weird that out of everything, Im most worried about chipping a tooth on his prince albert? 
He upper decked the toilet, got himself lit on fire 6 times and lit 4 other people on fire in the course of 3 days. 
idk what id do withouhrh yoy btro 
I only keep her as my best friend so she wont hook up with my ex. 
I have minimal recognition and a lot of burns on my tongue and my vagina hurts. 
If she wants to think that freshman 15 means sleeping with 15 guys than so be it I just gotta make sure I'm one of them. 
I knew shit got real when the pinapple was gone and people were just passing around the core and gnawing on it. 
dunno man, last I saw him he bet me he could eat more ranch the me, then ran off 
I think I may have appendicitis, but the house is like two blocks from the hospital so I'm just gonna go and drink anyway. 
She's the only person who can pull off turning an outdoor patio heater tower into a stripper pole. 
Forgot to mention there might be a picture of me being thrown in the air while at a Mexican restaurant 
2 classes, 3 finals, and $30 worth of adderall until this semester is over. 
I was told u were the one who could explain to me why i woke up in the running shower, still in my dress and heels 
Out of all the things I've put my penis in, this seems the most unfortunate. 
we were both as far on opposite edges of my bed as possible this morning. id say work is gonna be a little uncomfortable from now on 
you were sitting on your bed looking out the window, rocking back and forth naked, saying how peaceful it looked outside 
on a related note, did you know that the fire alarm in our apartment talks? 
She gave me a rubber ducky to make me feel better while I was throwing up. 
it was such a weird mix, KFC and penis 
I found him in the livingroom trying to soak up broken glass with the clock from the kitchen. 
I'm on strict orders from her to keep sleeping with you until you give her a job next summer. 
If it makes you feel any better, i gave her boyfriend a blowjob last week. 
one of the service guys here said i licked ranch off your face lastnight 
you were just eating all his cookies and kept mumbling "them crumblies" when the crumbs got on your shirt. 
im wtih 32a right now bc 34d is on her period. now i know how girls feel when their hookups go from magnums to regulars 
Just asked the bartender if I could use the register to see my grades. 
I just want you to know if you wake up tomorrow morning and wreak of mustard, I was not involved. 
Woke up with a migrane, threw up blood, then my headache went away. I'm going to convince myself that it was just a bad batch of blood so I can drink again tonight 
Bookstore boy and I went out, he came back here and I tried to fool around and he respects me too much blah blah I'm a predator. 
Half my make-up was stuck to his thigh where I'd fallen asleep after the blowjob. 
If tjhis were a lake full of vodka and i were a ducl Id swim my way down and ddrink my way up 
apparently it was the return of drunk burrito sex. 
You tried to tell her that the salad was an afrodisiac then proceeded to stroke yourself with the feather duster 
Until last night, I had never actually thrown up ON a sandwich 
There's two girls at the bar sniffing each others boobs. 
I owe her a pancake or a second hand orgasm 
You said "It's ok guys, I know I'm not really a turtle" and then tried walking on the lake. 
Due to our sore throats we are now doing bong hits with cranberry juice to sooth it. 
Let's have a moment of silence for the guinea pig that drunk chick threw out our window. 
When I look at old family photos I know how jessica simpson feels when she watches dukes of hazzard 
just found $310, wrapped in a rubber band, at the bottom of my sock drawer with a note attached stating, "Make it rain". 
At least we kept it together. It's people like him who yell at bushes that give acid a bad name 
So even though we broke up apparently according to my voice mail you still like me, with smurfs while riding on a boat. 
I tried telling you she just blew me in the bathroom but you were too busy making out with her to listen 
On the bright side, I hit her with the door on the way in 
im already regretting the extreme lack of break up sex that took place 
If you're trying to piece together your night, I can tell you where those tassels came from. 
They woke me up at 6am and made me drink a bottle pf champagne yelling "champagne breakfast!" 
she's sitting here naked with heels and a taco. 
I'm confused about why you felt the need to ask me to buy you life alert for christmas at 3:28 this morning. 
I would like to apologize for asking to take advantage of you, wishing you a horny Hanukkah and whatever "abd ethw prnym to mzbe yur penis cna be friends" means. 
to which he commented "you must really like me on top". I didn't have the heart to tell him that was the only way the room stopped spinning 
I tried calming him down but his eyes are rolling to the back of his head and he's yelling "COMA WEED!" 
I'm wearing boardshorts as underwear to work. This is bachelorhood 
as it turns out, there is no "i was in the pool" excuse for adderall-induced shrinkage. 
I hope making "real" money at your "real" job is worth it because you totally missed beer and dorrito mac n cheese tuesday. 
I just wanted to hook up with a white guy to prove that i could go back. 
of all the people in our graduating class, this is exactly who would get pregnant. 
She tried to lure me back to her house by saying she had "real" pizza. 
I just don't want to have to pretend at every family function she brings him to that he didn't hit on me first 
These pubs in Ireland act like hand jobs aren't the universal currency 
he woke up with $200 in his pocket and had to buy his cell phone back from a hobo at the bus stop. 
My nipple rings set off the metal detector at the courthouse this morning. 
Not complaining, but why is there a Russian chick downstairs making latkes? 
you were cooking a hot pocket with a grill lighter what did you want me to do 
Today's dinner table topic: the probablity of my dad turning gay if he ever left my mom. 
if your not going to answer your phone this is just going to be an embarrassment tomorrow 
well at that point we were just fucking to keep warm. 
people at meijer look at you funny when you have 37 bottles of champagne in your cart. 
I walked into the garage and you were telling the bikes that you were not that drunk. 
Margaritas are 250 calories. Now measuring all food in margaritas 
does pizza still have the 5 second rule in the bubble bath? 
and then he proceeded to take what he called, a whip cream shower. 
He picked me up from the airport wearing nothing but a trench coat and a bow on his dick 
You looked cold, so i decided to make you a blanket out of sticky notes. 
i always knew that i'd have sex in your room, i just assumed it would be with you 
Please tell me the foreign boys in the kitchen this morning were yours. 
drunkie insisted on stuffing the rest of his scrambled eggs in his pockets before we left ihop. we really should have left a better tip 
I feel like now would be a good time to apologize for vomiting in your eye 
ok, she started talking about how she swears her step dad killed her mom. starting to back out of this one 
Walked by a shop giving away free donuts this morning. Best walk of shame ever 
yeah, its right past the deli mart where i showed my right tit for mozzarella sticks. 
seriously, i am too high for the omelet station to be playing Being For The Benefit Of Mr Kite at 7am 
cheating on your boyfriend is the best diet ever, I've barely eaten in days. The guilt is killing me 
Guy in our group took down a chick in a wheelchair last night. 
She's more than welcome to come too, so long as she has gotten over that me being responsible for the death of her cat thing. 
Can we hire someone to dj while we have sex? 
I think I just tested my sobriety limits for unicycling. 
other than her wanting kids and me wanting to do drugs,were perfect for each other 
I was just informed that you are the reason for my 2 missing front teeth. 
I Think it is all interconnected. Emma caused most of the nakedness 
They went to the hospital to try backflips in the parking lot. Be ready for the call 
The fact that I woke up with my panties on the counter and a piece of pizza stuck in my sheets is what scares me. 
He sat there and debated the pros and cons of hooking up with me 
She just kept screaming you name over and over. Im starting to think this is my alarm clock 
I feel like the only solution to this is to get naked and lay in the shower for a hour then see what my penis wants to do. 
Should I be alarmed that you're a regular enough at a bar to show up in sweatpants? 
I was actually high enough at that point that I was just casually following your glowing footsteps like in Avatar while we ran from the cops. 
and then we had to stop you from trying to pour shots through your nose with the neti pot. 
im youtubing treadmill accidents. this is what i do at 2:10am 
I knew it was time to leave Waffle House when you started singing "What's Your Fantasy" to your hash browns. 
No more tipping the bathroom attendant with your phone. 
I can always tell its time to do laundry when my vibrator doesn't stay covered up in my sock drawer. 
Europeans suck. I just gave him head and somehow i am the one paying for the coffee 
You act like this is the first time I literally thought I was invisible. 
You were wasted and fell in a pond when you met him, it's not like you were on top of your game 
Have introduced beer-pong to my work's Tuesday lunches. 
Had sex five times today because there was nothing else to do. I had no idea snow days could get even better than when we were kids 
I wish there was a non slutty way to ask the guys across the hall if i can copy their men's bathroom key so I have one for my one night stands 
You high fived me for banging your sister but lock me outta house bc I ate your pumpkin pie? Priorities bro 
According to the stories I've heard I decided I was a stuntman after my 6th shot of Jack 
Now that my 6 day bender is behind me, I just realized I might have been the one who took a shit in our mailbox that past few days. 
i am too hungover to go to class can you just call me and put it on speaker phone 
Well, I just hope you know I had your best interests at heart when I put your sandwich down my pants. 
this is the second time in my life i thought i might need to go to rehab. im including all the mornings that i wake up in dewey beach as "the first time" 
all i remember is that her bootyshorts said 'shameless' and that there was no turning back. 
oh don't forget that when we go furniture shopping we have to find a matching bong so put more money in the furniture fund 
the arrest was probably divine intervention, cause i think we were heading to an ill-advised threesome. 
The toilet started ringing, I think I just found your phone. 
It was around the time I started requesting "big girl straws" from the bartender for my jack and diets, that I knew I'd probably wake up with my sunglasses on and find my wallet in the shower. 
Found a pint glass in my snow pants. 
Just realized the fur coat I am wearing to the wedding is the one I had sex with the groom in 
He started to notice that i sleep with every girl he calls dibs on. 
I see you felt the need to carve your name in my kitchen table. thanks 
Just saw some guy puking out of the dorm window, its for sure monday 
Definitely almost got hit in the face with a baby 
Just heard an advertisement for 40 proof chocolate milk. We may never have to grow up 
The liquor store wont accept checks from us anymore. 
The Swedes wanted a tensome. 
Just drive me around campus, I will be able to smell their innocence. 
he kept doing his monologue, "if a vagina could talk." 
I am way too high for this. Some guy just keeps talking about music and life goals and he apparently has lived in every city we mention we are going 
a small fire erupted but we put it out with a can of beer so everything's fine 
I swear this guy grew up in land without leagues. someone should inform him he's way out of mine 
My dream of liquor pitchers came true 
im still trying to figure out who put the honey mustard in the blender then put the entire blender into the freezer 
I'm sure that's not what the inventers of the Turkey baster had in mind, but that's what I had in mine. 
she used her one phone call to ask me about my day 
Wydf in so deruk i just dowwned a packet if salt waitibg for food at del taco 
i wish i had the videos of us pissing on him last night. 
the $20 limit for secret santa doesn't apply to me cause you know a half gram of coke is more than $20 
The woman exiting the men's room tried convincing me she was actually a good-looking man. 
Honestly, your dog is in better hands with that homeless guy. 
I like when I have the chance to say normal things like 'I know her from college' vs 'I did a ton of blow with her one night at Studio B.' 
He just said "fuck you" to the bowl he's eating things out of 
I walked into his room and he was naked with a half eaten pecan pie and a bottle of wine. 
tell me why there is a bowl of oatmeal from starbucks in my purse 
he said i was so drunk that i shared a urinal with him and we simultainiously peed 
It was as if you forgot how to speak normally. All of your words came out either backwards or in song form 
I think it's time we have the "weird fetish" talk. 
its not thanksgiving till you and grandpa shotgun beers out in the shed, and lose 
If this herpes test comes back negative I'm asking out the doctor. 
He woke up, mumbled "silverware", and went back to sleep 
considering how much of last night I don't remember and the amount of ones laying on my desk right now, it's safe to say I'm concerned 
I left my Thanksgiving family dinner puking in my hands from the worst hangover in the world 
just to let you know, its not cheating if i cant feel my hands. 
What's bad is when she said "what hobo did you steal this dick from?" 
the only compliment i could think of for this chick was that she looked 'moderately attractive' 
i would one night stand the shit outta him 
ill do whatever it takes for me to get more high and eat pie 
All I learned from that experience was that drinking scotch out of a crunk goblet was bad news. 
you try finding a go kart track at 4 AM on Thanksgiving 
The only reason anyone found out he threw up is because everyone heard it sizzle the bonfire out. 
Man, jail baloney is awful. 
i have a picture in my phone of you with a bottle of tequila in your back pocket. i believe you were saying "pocket of champions" or something along those lines 
We are two peas in an std pod 
throwing up turkey will be a nice break from throwing up ramen 
I've blown him so many times I feel like I have a better relationship with his dick than I do with him. 
I turn the corner to find her walking in the front door in a tee-shirt, two different shoes and no pants. All she said to me was "I'm sad" 
Well, I just watched him puke into his pitcher at the bar, I doubt he cares about anything other than the fact that he needs a new beer. 
I am 100% positive that I have seen a porno that was shot in this bar. 
We did nothing beneficial to ourselves, or our country last night. 
If i need to get strippers involved i will. 
Also you were throwing your phone yelling this is durable as shit 
its not a holiday until ive ruined the family picture because im drunk 
And you just kept trying to fit through the dog door and not drop Jello shots. 
By the end of the night i was making legitimate noises not just saying moo. 
Youre on making sure I dont black out around fat chicks duty 
I stopped understanding conversations unrelated to vodka two vodkas ago. 
being able to look good while almost puking is a skill that takes a lot of puking to develop. 
Should I give the penis ring toss game to good will or garbage 
I AM OVULATING LIKE A STEAM ENGINE. 
you two started sword fighting with 3 ft tall spruce trees you pulled out of planters 
She needs to learn she only fits into our friendship as a DD. 
I don't remember her missing an ear while we were at the bar 
It feels wrong to have dick mouth at a family dinner. 
i walked in and you were spoon feeding your sister grape juice out of a tupperware. 
she blew me in the men's room in the restaurant. it was a french bistro, so it was okay 
Just erased 'masturbate' from my mental To-Do list because I've got too much stuff to do. I hate adulthood 
After he came he asked what I was doing for thanksgiving. 
Ia nefed hefelkp i am a taxi 
If I'm gonna go to jail I'm gonna be wearing a poncho 
Waiting outside the STD clinic 30 min before it opens already in a line up. It's like were all waiting for a concert that no ones really pumped for 
i'm sober ask me anything about the civil war 
Just found a hole in my wall with your left shoe in it. 
I was just counting ceiling tiles when he ate me out, it was that bad. 
The thing is you're all "holy crap this isn't nearly as bad as I thought pissing on my own face would be." 
just tell her a well fed dog doesnt stray far from the porch, and if that doesnt work just keep fucking her sisters 
He said he loved me so I pretended not to hear it because I don't think "I love your penis" was the response he was looking for. 
I just reenacted what a cuntadactyl would act like by putting straws in my mouth as teeth and roaring, Plz come get me. 
For some reason I just don't think you going to the gay bar alone on thanksgiving is a good idea. 
vaguely remember the bartender stopping me outside last night so he could pull the duct tape out of my hair 
And there I was, sitting Indian style on the kitchen floor, my fingers covered in peanut butter. 
I may be in pain from falling off the roof but getting to the morning roof keg was well worth it. 
and now that ive poetically compared your vagina to a nuclear missile, I hope youre prepared for this date. 
Today might be the day that I legitimately throw up in my saxophone. 
i feel as uncomfortable as your camel toe looks. 
I wonder if she thought to herself "I'm gonna sleep with that guy tonight" when she watched me puke on the bar at 3 in the afternoon? 
Do you think my job would send me for a second drug test if i took a whole pumpkin pie to work for lunch tomorrow? 
I knew it was different as soon as you told me you slept with him and didn't tell me about his dick 
Dude she has the ugliest blow job face ever. 
Well today was Thanksgiving Anti-Miracle Daydrinkathon so I had to be drunk by 2pm 
The last thing i remember is saying breakfast beer and carrying the keg to my room and locking the door. 
I knew his night was already over when he started marking lines on the bottle and setting goals 
it was like watching bambi learning to walk, if bambi was 22 and a high functioning alcoholic. 
His drunk text included an attempt at quoting a Nyquil bottle in MLA format 
i don't care how ready and willing she is. she is where penises go to die 
I feel like i got beat with a pillowcase full of tequila shots. 
she's crying while babbling "all i do is win" 
I think "banned from Amtrak due to excessive projectile vomiting" would sum up the evening quite nicely. 
I made two strippers play rock paper scissors to see who would give me a lap dance last night 
im gonna make a bucket list just so i can cross off "underwater blowjob" 
the fact that my dorm room overlooks a children's daycare is enough initiative for me to have safe sex. 
the only thing coherent you said from what i saw of you is when you were throwing up, i asked if you were done and you just "uh huh you know what it is" 
you know, even black out drunk I can always remember the exact point where I should have stopped drinking. 
She took a break from repeating "my face is still buzzing!" to say that the phantom of the opera could be here 
She narrowed it down to 7 guys that could have gotten her pregnant. 
i threw up on the table at the pizza place and peed in her room mates closet. i wouldnt invite me back either 
I'd really appreciate it if we could dress up as pilgrims and indians for the thanksgiving eve bar crawl 
Some one left their pants in the elevator. 
My motherly instincts are overcoming my slutty ones 
My warmest regards to the fish in that koi pond I puked in. 
he called AT&amp;T to make sure that he had insurance before he threw his cell phone into the fountain. 
Bad news is I found gravy in my nightstand again. 
She's hidden vodka up her skirt and is riding a parking meter. Things can only get better 
the fda needs to get their shit together cause these four loko going away parties are gonna kill me 
How do you get a 7 on a pregnancy test? 
come in to starbucks and ill make you a 4loko latte before theyre banned 
As per my father's affair, married men are no longer off limits. 
sometimes you just have to pull up your panties, blow a kiss to the security camera and walk out of the alley like nothing happened. 
love being home for thanksgiving just had grandma pick me up from the frat by her house 
I apologize for forcing you to look at my boob when we were high. It was uncalled for 
For future reference, never invite the people you met at Dunkin Donuts at 2am to your house to watch Dogma 
All I remember is taking a bath, puking in the bath water numerous times while trying to wash myself and I must of eventually given up 
I'm way to drunk for this play. I'm about to run up on stage and drop the main character 
my night ended in me puking all over jenna's bed, then me trying to wash the sheets in the toilet. 
He looked at me and said "Last call" before putting his penis away into his boxers 
Tequila shots with cinnamon and orange write it down before I forget 
I'm doing laundry in pjs and heels, home alone with my margarita bucket. 
you kept going on about how you couldnt haven been the one throwing up because you were peeing in circles. 
we were canoeing in the lake and i asked if he was too drunk for this, and he said "don't worry about it, i'm half native american" 
Only I could do what I did last night and feel perfectly ok working around children the next day 
I DON'T CARE WHAT THE CIRCUMSTANCES ARE NEVER VOMIT IN MY PURSE AGAIN. 
What can I say, he stumbled upon the key to my heart: orgasms and mac 'n cheese. 
Handle of 100 proof captain dressed like a pilgrim here we go 
Thanksgiving break drinking is a marathon, not a sprint, and i need to be well rested 
I can't wait to be a mother. My daughters gonna outdrink every boy in her grade 
One blow job doesn not make me gay. 
Just suggested things for my dad to get my mom for Christmas in terms of "yeah you'll get laid." 
I watched her choke out a bouncer with the broken strap from her purse, I think shes the one. 
My goal for tonight: make tomorrow as awkward as humanly possible. 
Well I woke up with spatula marks on my ass and burns on my hands. 
She uses my penis to point at the tv when we talk about the shows. I love her 
if u cant get laid at this wedding we need to have a looooooong talk about the possibility of u becoming a lesbian 
On the bright side I got 500 American Express points paying for the abortion 
I stayed up for hours making sure you didnt pass out in a mountain of your own puke. But when I heard you yell AWWWW FUUCCKK, somehow I knew everything would be ok 
It's shit like that that makes me wish being deaf was contagious 
Dude, she puked up her Plan B, then reached in the toilet and re-swallowed it. That chick does NOT want a baby 
but you don't have to sleep on top of four different cum stains because you'd rather buy a case of Franzia than spend $3.50 in the student laundry room 
Its so hard looking at my mom and pretending I'm not dying a slow death of binge drinking 
I just watched her pee in a trashcan, im still probably going to fuck her, what does that say about my standards 
it's been a while because I don't count the hooker 
And I was somehow convinced to wash the glassware at the bar topless. 
They don't exactly give out small business loans to start-up dealers 
wanna get hammered and throw tomatoes at the people standing in line for the midnight showing of harry potter and yell whichcraft is evil 
It starts with an S and ends with arah just gave me a bj. 
She said i saw her in the study room, waved, disappeared, came back with a coke from god knows where, and slurred "i have a drinking problem but i ate grits" 
I think I might stay on campus instead of going home for thanksgiving and see how many townies I can hook up with and no one will be around to judge 
It got kind of awkward when her dad brought home a 20 something asian girl at 3am 
Careful when you walk in I'm laying by the door. 
what if his mom answers? its like high school, but hes 30 
This is even worse then that time I fucked a guy just because he had air conditioning. 
You stood up gave the stripper 15 ones in a wad, hugged her and then sat back down. 
Its your turn to fuck our RA next time she threatens us with an underage. 
I'm ashamed of you 12 hours later and 200 miles away 
This is so pathetic it makes me miss snorting lines alone in my room listening to 'one more drink'. 
Our drug dealer just got busted, wear black tmrw 
Please stop using the dehumidifier for your weed. 
We really need to stop competing to see who can get more drunk, and I REALLY need to stop winning. 
GET THE DICK OUT OF YOUR MOUTH AND CHECK FACEBOOK. 
This is the way my sobriety ends: Not with a bang, but with a whimper. 
Worst night here by far. And ive slipped in my own piss so thats saying something 
what started as sign language exam pre-drinks to calm the nerves turned into me waving at a deaf woman for 20 minutes 
I think it's safe to say me, swords and vodka can never be aloud in the same room again. 
The vomit I understand but how is there seaweed in my bed? 
is it sad that I can recall my outfits by who took them off? 
He brought Stephanie home from the black light party. Apparently he has night vision beer goggles 
Clearly I understand physics better when I'm on cocaine 
My spanish isn't great but I'm pretty sure he was calling me a "little monkey" while I was blowing him 
thank god my boss can't smell the tequila on my breathe over the phone. 
i just remembered the time you guys tried to give me an intervention because i was drunk before 5 on a monday 
I thought I would take a shower to wake me up but now I'm naked wet and stoned laying on my bed instead of just stoned laying on my bed 
Its 4 am and he honestly tried throwing pizza at his ceiling for decorations 
He just yelled in the bar, "So I stuck it in two girls butts, why are you bringing that up now?" 
I'm not saying going to the volleyball games drunk on Tuesday night was a bad idea I'm just saying we shouldn't make a routine of it. 
If you know any fat girls who would pay me for sex, I am low on money and morals right now 
and do you remember when you were dressing me if i had money in my bra? 
He said he wants to make an itinerary for the sex we'll have when I come home. 
just had wine and brownie batter for dinner. Single life is good 
I need to start giving them away because owning 20 dildos is never going to get me a boyfriend. 
Call 911 I'm faking my own death so this fat chick leaves my room 
Its ok we found him,,, He is in the bathroom trying to write his life story on a roll of toilet paper. 
My broken door handle makes it really inconvient for when i need to puke at red lights. 
You are just a treasure cave of fabulous alcoholic ideas. 
Remind me to tell you the one about the cashier that wouldn't sell me Jim Beam and NyQuil. 
Okay I woke up in my room, snuggie on, had a water bottle in my hand my tv was on Disney channel and my cigarettes are gone. And I deleted every text in my phone but one that said 'you are absolutely welcome' 
Apparently I promised a worker at La Siesta free English lessons to make up for vomming all over the little Mariachi band. 
with your vagina and my liver, anything is possible 
If we get out of this alive, I'm never going to a Denny's at 3 am again. 
He talks to me in this sweet I know you might be pregnant voice. 
You were chewing up hot dogs and spitting them out 
I was told to ask you about memoirs of a geisha. 
i can't decided whether the fact that her nipples are bigger then her palms is a problem or not 
Just got a event reminder on my phone to never party with you again. 
Please tell me nicole sent the picture of the ejaculating penis to you too, otherwise I'll feel really awkward 
I fell alseep but then some dude picked me up. Comforter and all stuck a blunt in my mouth and carried me back downstairs because "I wasn't done partying" 
I would do laundry with you but I vaguely remember swallowing all my quarters last night as some kind of trick. 
If i evwr doyble fist jack daniels and smirnoff again, i hereby give you permission to take them both away grom me and give me and give me a glass of wat 
Why does he only make me orgasm when I'm about to break up with him? 
Who was that couple sleeping in your bed with us last night? 
She was giving me a handjob while I was wearing a sombrero with a beer in one hand and a hammer in the other. 
the only evidence i have from this weekend existing is a title page for a novel i tried writing called "the oyster who gave up drinking" 
Don't blame the cocaine for your eating disorder. 
Apparently it costs $70 to clean vomit off the side of our apartment building. 
I just dont understand why you didnt cut me off when I took the funnel into the bathroom and started peeing and funneling at the same time 
you just kept bragging about how there was a "pretty large" chance that you had pooped on the same toilet as George Clooney 
Just did my hair and make up at mcdonalds so we're in the same boat. 
I just tried to sell my homemade "lightning bolt stencil for pubes" on Etsy. 
She started to rub her ass on my shoulder and i instantly thought "i am going to get E. Coli" 
yeah he couldn't walk in a straight line and started throwing up and told the cop he just has an astigmatism 
idk whats worse playing power hour to yourself, or the fact that you were having fun while doing it 
If i spent $300 &amp; took that thing home i would hate myself today. 
I was also standing on my bed with a road cone pounding on the ceiling at 3am. Not sure why 
All I know is I woke up next to her beside the toilet 
Apparently last night drunk me put my phone in a cup of beer to make it "fun scented". 
Plotting your own moral demise should not be this fun 
Puked in my laptop case in the middle of my nutrition class. 
Something about a hand job in a car doesn't scream girlfriend 
was it morally wrong to have used his girlfriends makeup after i fucked him? 
Like many of my risky ideas this has "burned genitals" written all over it 
there may or may not be knives in your bed. I would check 
Please don't tell me I was shouting "I'm bleeding from my vagina" in front of my ex-boyfriend and his new girlfriend. 
I call it my summer of slut; except summer lasts from May until December. It's been incredibly successful 
weed salsa. i deserve a nobel prize 
its a nice change of pace not blacking out and actually remembering getting laid 
For some reason I knew you were going to smell like strippers and burritos when I hugged you. 
in hindsight, the duct tape banana hammock was a bad idea. 
Romer got arrested for getting in a bar fight with a bus boy because he was trying to steal a keg, had it all the way to the car 
I wonder if you can snort coke upside down 
So you have no knowledge as to why I am hearing loud repetitive mooing from next door? 
either she was really happy we won flip cup, or she was too drunk to notice her boyfriend behind her. 
I haven't been this hungover since you found me laying in front of your door gagging with pepto bismal tablets scattered around me 
he busted in while i was showering looked at me and said "youve lost weight bro, no homo" and started puking into the sink 
How many times can I tell him I wasnt expecting sex before he realizes I'm just too lazy to shave all the time? 
we're havin a 400 loko party for joe pa's 400th win. come get loko 
Im not gonna remember this tomorrow but the real money is in coke i wanna get a dark wood desk and cell coke then i can own taco bell and the xxl chalupa will be mine 
Ive been home for 20 minutes and I'm already in bed with a vodka tonic 
I just watched nsync videos for the past half hour and you could totally tell lance bass was gay in all of them 
It's like playing clue with my own life. I have to piece together what I did, where I was, how I did it, and who I did it to 
bad decision saturdays are such a good decision 
My brother just put in eyedrops to talk to my mom on the phone 
Dude i'm seriously thinking about his nipples. 
After we smoked, the cops questioned us but i just asked if he wanted to join our basketball team. 
FYI, when you wake up, please note that I puked in your shoes because I sstubbed my tooee, not becus I was drunk. 
I saw him on the jumbotron, its like god doesnt want me to forget his tiny penis 
I keep waking up with the nagging feeling I gave him half a hand job through his shorts. 
Apparantly 7 1/2 Vicodin is a 1/2 too many. 
Oh my god, I hid a wine bottle in my boot. 
I was thinking of baby names while I was giving him a blow job 
dude all you wanted to do was sleep under a bridge 
You may see me on espn tomorrow drunk, half naked, and selling articles of clothing to rich cougars like i did last year, but i will NOT be drinking shitty beer 
this is the second time this week i got a blowjob from a crying girl. 
How sober do you have to be to donate blood? 
You kept making up "snapple facts" every time you opened a beer. 
So I feel bad, Ross is asking questions, I think they need to know it's a Spanish lesbian bar 
he also begged me to fake an orgasm when he couldn't get me to come. 
Confirm for me that it's be a bad idea to sleep with the 50 year old that's currently hitting on me? 
your facebook page is a work of drunk art. 
Ihop lady gave me free pancakes for being sober this time 
I feel like hell. The amount of black beans I found in my hair tells me I hit rock bottom 
I never thought I would say the free bottle of grey goose was the problem but it was 
i may have reached my "but im high so it's cool" quota for the month. 
woke up on the kitchen floor in the recovery position. at least drunk me remembered sober me's emt training 
When she talks to me all I hear are 5 generations of inbreeding speaking. 
I mean if she was naked in my room I would talk to her 
If our dicks could shake hands in congratulations they would 
We thought you were crowd-surfing until we realized it was the bouncers throwing you out 
There was no way out of it, seeing as I left my photo ID right next to the vomit. 
its like fishing. just send her some cock shots to keep her on the hook then use tequila to reel her in 
this is the last time we take the mathletes drinking. 
I think you blew it when you asked her "Do you look good naked too, Or is it just the bra?" 
And then she banged "the first Italian rapper" 
OMG. if college stays like this, theres no way i wont be pregnant by first semester 
a cabby told me that vodka is the coors light of liquor, and then gave me his number 
four loko is officially banned. leave it to the kids from a state school to fuck it up for everyone 
Do you ever wonder how many people have prayed for you to be a better person? 
I took my pants off in the cab and tried to bite his ear. Not going oout for awhile 
i want to swaddle you in tequila 
Apparently one comment in my womens studies class cockblocks yourself for an entire semester. 
I thought i'd save money with No Heat November but the amount of whiskey i have to buy to stay warm is probably adding up to more than a heat bill. 
I feel like I had eight dicks in my mouth 
I just found your spare underwear and the half eaten granola bar you left in my purse. 
Dude they are all farmers and I'm pretty sure there's a prostitute here. 
you know it's the perfect hook up when you don't have any friends in common with his girlfriend on facebook. 
I'm considering telling her about my dream where I made a sex tape with her boyfriend. you know to test our friendship 
Do you know how awkward it is to call the bar from last night and ask if they found my leggings? 
the bartender cut u off when u asked him for his screename so u could IM him later 
We ended up on a hotel balcony in Daytona where she lured a seagull down with a pizza crust she found in her purse and preceded to grab it out of the air by it's neck. 
It wasn't until that morning that I realized I wasn't actually dreaming, finding myself in the bathtub with someone laying on me 
FUUUUUCK she froze all my quaters inside the ice cubes again 
I'm glad I have good healthy relationships with my one night stands 
If there is a god, you will have pink eye tomorrow. 
you started keeping track of only every even numbered drink you had 
On the couch having a debate with the dog over whether eating anothr sweet roll will make the hangover better or worse 
Just saw a field sobriety test being administered at 730 am, I now know I do not have a drinking problem 
You should've stopped drinking when you started asking people for bites of tequila. 
This adderall has me convinced I'm an Econ major. 
Soooo, if his status went from married to single and he deleted all the pictures of his kids does that mean he's up for dibbs? 
you just kept saying 'take out my tanks' and tell the cab driver to go slower, i have no idea what you were talking about but i'm glad you had fun. 
Exactly how does jacking off in my purse count as a 'early christmas present'? 
this morning i checked my reflection in the toilet as i was throwing up to make sure i still had my pearl earrings on 
frankly if you're gonna get kicked out of your place, hooking up with your gay roommate's boyfriend would be the most entertaining way to do it. 
After grabbing my boob for a couple minutes he then decides to ask me if I was awake. 
nothing like a tattoo of a large eagle attacking a small eagle whos attacking a shark to bond to siblings together for life 
I'm just gonna be the bigger person here and say I want you inside me 
It's nice to see a girl prepared for the walk of shame. She brought headphones 
now that im off birth control, the world is a much scarier place 
I just woke up naked clutching a Taco Bell bag. 
he's got a countert top full of yard sale blenders so id say maragita wednesdays is a go. 
Still can't believe they give people like us a drivers license and college degree. 
He got about halfway through singing "Drift Away" before he passed out and broke my coffee table. 
when she was 9 she got kicked out of our 4-H camp dance for pole dancing on the spirit stick 
Are you pissed because you didn't get action, or the fact i got boned twice in public places tonight? 
Definately going to wake up wondering what happened to the other half of my lip. 
it's like heaven, but drunker 
My phone really needs to stop auto correcting "library" to "ovary". 
I'll just get wasted and start throwing myself at men. Someone's bound to take the bait 
Stealing vibrators from Walmart together was when I realized you'd be my Maid of Honor. 
I wish I could attach your penis to someone I like more than you. 
Man the liquor store just wrong numbered me, its a sign even god wants me to drink 
I just got kidnapped by the rugby team for a scavenger hunt. I'm "the girl you had sex with last night" 
Well technically because of daylight savings, I only lasted 15 mintues. 
you realize that if you hadn't mouthed "we're getting laid tonight", i wouldn't have woken up with your ex this morning. just sayin 
One question: Why is your trash can full of blood and pop-tarts? 
You told me when we were leaving the club if I could pin point your nipple through your padded bra you would show me if I was right. 
i think i have that disease where you wake up in strange places drunk. 
I literally might walk of shame home on a cable car. If that doesn't scream San Francisco I don't know what does 
My chemistry professor just asked me if I ever found a ride home from the bar last Saturday 
My grandma had to be escorted out by police. 
You were humming mission impossible as we ran from the cops 
I'm really sorry we tried to have sex on top of you last night. 
He's throwing up in my bed and I'm not even getting fucked for this 
I just want one of her status not to be about Jesus. 
Well now I have my semen on her headphones 
So the bartender just told me that there was numerous people who saw me having sex on the rooftop last weekend. &#43;1 
I'll bring the barf blanket just in case. 
Hey bro, did you ever hear from the background investigator that i was supposed to bang? 
I need to stop having one night stands with guys in my building so I can have someone to borrow milk from without it being awkward 
He was carrying a rolled up carpet saying he was saving it for tomorrow's Walk of Fame. 
Just had a nice conversation with my landlord while cleaning your puke off my car 
I am currently sitting on a candy bar to warm it up cause it was in the fridge so I can eat it while watching the last song and smoking weed by myself 
Do you think it would be a good idea to mention in my admissions essay that I was the guy that streaked across the soccer field last year? 
I literally had to tap out of the blow job. It was like a pornographic wrestling match 
I don't remember anything other than how good it felt when I peed my pants. 
He's trying to row the canoe up my front yard like he is Lewis and Clark. 
This exeeds the amount of high I planned on being. 
just looked in the mirror, I fell asleep with a face mask on. At least drunk me cares that much about the condition of my skin 
Make good choices ;&#41; This is your automated cockblock message 
So i was told that i peed in the sink, had sex with a pillow and banged on a washer while singing idian chants 
I couldnt bring myself to steal alcohol from my dead grandma 
I think the imperative here is that I literally knocked down a sorority house with the force of my dick. 
I told the girl in his bed not to bleed on his sheets like the last one. 
He kept screaming "it's so seductive" while he was humping the wall 
i just spent 10 minutes talking to the lady who works at taco bell about my romantic situation. 
His foreplay reminded me too much of breastfeeding. 
After walking in on us in the living room, he still insisted that he slept in my bed with me afterwards. 
it was like getting a handjob from robocop 
getting kicked in the face by someone doing a keg stand. just my luck 
First funeral I've ever been to where the cops had to come. 
I swear after i took it all i did was scream for four hours 
i shall enjoy my approximately 2 hours of being sober today 
From the trajectory of the puke, I must have fallen off the top bunk while trying to vomit, due to the dented bucket, ruined carpet, and bruised dignity I now own. 
He is in the front yard trying to catch birds out of the air with a fishing net. 
I'm drinking vodka out of a coffee pot. and i'm not even mad about it 
I've never seen the starbucks guy more terrified than when you dove out the car window after your credit card 
So she just apologized to the fire extinguisher. 
They ran out of vodka so we started doing Body Doritos. 
Something smells like weed and I think it might be my mascara. Come sniff my eyes 
he prob just wants to be friends and here i am photoshopping our kids 
He pulled his dick out during the Bourne Ultimatum, ruined it for me. 
he just made me youtube cheetahs running and he thinks he is in a pool 
Its like after 6 beers, the clap doesn't scare me anymore. 
Just thought i should tell someone im on the roof, if i pass out up here because no one found me, im behind the chimney 
he matches the description of mystery hookup #2, 4, and 7 
You insisted I take photos of you vomiting off the top of the tree. 
I don't know what he did but now I'm terrified of mustache rides and it's only movember 3rd 
I drank myself into bisexuality again. 
Just found a picture of me licking the bouncers ear last night 
someone needs to make a hangover cure that isn't cocaine. 
If I refrain from fucking my manager, I'm going to reward myself by fucking that guy from the photo department. 
The only thing that makes me want to stop the affair is that I am the Monica Lewinksy in this triangle. 
Drunkenly auctioned off my bed for 3 tequila shots 
i'm pretty sure they aren't charging me for that window i broke with a turkey sandwich while i was hammered. 
Mark my words im gonna be the drunkest groomsman outta spite for him having his wedding on a gameday 
i'm so sad bro, I can't get any pussy. I'm so sad 
Did I hear correctly when it sounded like he said "just don't let me throw up into your vaj?" 
She nearly killed the mood when she said "Don't cum on my spray tan" 
That was the gentlest I've ever been bitten in the face by a dog 
I swear it started with good intentions but then my slutty side took over and we started playing strip checkers 
Every time she shows up on my newsfeed, I get the taste of tequila in my mouth. 
Just ran interference for her again. Sometimes i wonder how many times in my life i'll have to be a cock block at the clinic 
okay, certainly we can't screw this up, and even as I type, I know we will 
votings over. no more wacking it to anti christine o'donnell ads 
I voted for him because his wife supports his raging sex life. 
he fucked my hip out of place. 
My niece just called my sister in law a teabagger. I love NPR and it's corrupting influence on small children 
having my hair in braids makes puking so easy. i am being an indian every halloween 
I can't make Walk of Shame Wednesdays a recurring theme. 
Note to self: never do anything I don't want to explain to a paramedic 
You dont understand he had a split tongue thats bucket list worthy. 
I thought about donating plasma but thats not the way i want to find out that i have aids 
I just ran up four flights of stairs in heels, im getting an orgasm tonite. 
you kept telling everyone how your ninja turtle shell also functioned as a backpack 
dream priorities were more important than voting today. don't tell me you wouldn't keep going back to sleep to find out who would win a fight between oprah and godzilla 
If him repeating sorry while thrusting isn't makeup sex than I don't know what else is 
masturbating while the coffee brews is the new power nap 
Walk of Shame today included voting. 
I hope this adventure ends at a hospital 
I don't know the quality of the hand jobs you've received in the past but it CLEARLY was not one from me 
you sat up and said "i'm the worst kind of roommate, the drunk kind" 
There was a guy running for some position in our government named "young boozer" hell yes I voted for him 
Only your wife would write 'for deposit only' on the back of that $1500 check knowing full and well our capabilities of spending it on strippers and booze 
Tuesday night just isn't my ideal coke binge night. 
You can't have your penis and eat it, too. 
is election day enough of a holiday to justify getting fucked up on a tuesday? 
you came home soaking wet, and when I asked where your umbrella was, you pulled it out of your bag and were so proud you kept it dry. 
Well at least he stopped keeping track of money by bottles of McCormick. 
All I saw was a beagle come across the screen and explain the theory of relativity to me and leave 
Someone played tic tac toe on my abs? 
And it was confirmed to me that I did in fact cut my girlfriend out of her dress with my sword. 
At least I wasn't still dressed as a bottle of dom perignon when they took me to the ER 
We tried to get a ride from the same firefigters that were turning off the fire alarm going off at our house. 
Hes warming up week old McDonalds french fries, putting hot sauce on them, and counting them with his shirt off. 
You can't use the, "think about your future" line when trying to convince me to save some weed for tomorrow. 
What part of i'm handcuffed to an oven do you not understand? 
You can't see him, he's in front of the dildo, but Amelia Earhart is blocking your view. 
the trick is not to think about where her tounge has been. 
Your one and only job is to make sure I am on that bus tomorrow morning with no cat makeup on my face 
You fed me milk from the beer bong because you thought it would "Sober you up" . 
We removed her tutu and her cape, so there's no risk of her strangling herself. 
Ahhh November 1st. National Untagging Day 
everytime someone would look at you, you started to try and deep throat your beer bottle. 
dude just did a line with screech. dude is fucking creepy 
then out of nowhere we heard a voice yell "Fuck that pussy!" 
Maybe someone other than the mad hatter should have gone with him to the ER 
halloween is SO much better on drugs, why didn't anyone let us know about this when we were kids 
its hard to take this fight seriously when one dude is an oompa loompa, and the other is a "g spot" 
you were drinking a pitcher of what you called "16 loko" and making everybody guess what the secret ingredient was 
besides im still about 80&#37; sure that im eskimo brothers with jerry springer 
I'll be heading downtown with donuts and a lawn chair at 9am to go Halloween Walk o' Shame spotting. 
There's an australian, my relationship has no hope. 
so just saw tiger woods pull a page out of his wifes book and hit some kid in the head with a golf club 
If for any reason you were wondering if i was going to vomit at the airport today, the answer is yes. 
Level of drunkenness: just now when I sat down on the toilet, I had to double check to make sure I wasn't sitting on somebody's lap. 
that was you who tried to jump in front of my car in the monkey suit wasnt it 
There are about 5 pictures of my dog taking a dump on my camera and 20 of Brandon taking one for "comparison" reasons. 
is it STILL halloween? when did this turn into a week long holiday 
I just found a babydoll head in my sink where we ripped it off and did shots out of it. 
shes the only person ive ever met that could make "i don't swallow" sound sexy 
but then i turned into a human whiteboard because i thought it was a good idea to bring out markers 
Talking about the game in the closet with a banana wearing sunglasses. 
took 4 advil with a shot of vodka, figure i'd try to save myself now 
i would bitch about being this hungover, but honestly im just happy to be alive after this weekend 
Walk-of-shaming home from Brooklyn in a Jesus costume that has "what wouldn't Jesus do" written on the robe. 
Yeah but the gay hasidics turned out to actually just be real gay hasidics 
I kind of want you to get arrested just so I could frame an avatar mugshot. 
As long as there aren't any pictures of me humping the penguin, we are good, 
I love watching the kids I sold drugs to score touchdowns 
I hope you remember pushing the girl off the stage because you said she wasn't good at pole dancing. 
You took a bag of frozen peas to bed wiith you "to help with the inflamation". 
Is "blowjob enthusiast" a bad costume? 
You kept trying to hail an ambulance 
Chipotle chips and wine for breakfast. Its def game day 
do you know how hard it is to pee with a pumpkin in the toilet ? 
i feel like i was in a swimming pool of captain and coke and had to drink my way out 
not exactly restoring sanity, but he is throwing up on the national mall right now 
I think being a buddhist has made me a better drunk 
I just need to know if he's either really genuine about being in my life or being in my vagina. 
Please tell me that text was part of your elaborate Brett Favre costume; otherwise, dude, wtf? 
this is probably the only time in my life that i would want to fuck thomas jefferson 
Pillow talk just revealed that he originally thought I was 16. 
she told me to hold the wheel while she hung out the sunroof and cursed the old lady behind us out. 
Did you really end last night's sexting with "Stay thirsty my friend"? 
He keeps whispering to me that he can't wait to tie my hands up with my wig? 
I can't be the first person ever who had to explain why her bottle of orange juice had a picture of a screwdriver drawn on it 
i'm reaslly not drunk enough to wtch the fat lesbian on my floor brng another fat lesbian dressed up as a bloody nurse into her room at 2am 
Welp, she's chewing our paper towels again. She's like an obnoxiously hot puppy 
For future reference, when you see people who look like Rosie O'donell, do not tell them they look like Rosie O'donell. 
I'm eating mac and cheese for dinner that way when I puke later it'll be festive halloween orange. 
according to the woman who took my blood today, i have "party veins" 
Just look for the house with the beer knights. 
He was completely serious when he said my boobs were like "majestic white clouds." 
If you can't accept "I'm sorry I was mean to you" bjs from 19 year old girls, then who can you 
i totally fed the cab driver fruit salad with my hands while he was driving 
so the last visual we have of him for the next 87 weeks is him outside on the ground rolling around yelling I HATE BLOWJOBS 
"Whiskey Cheerios" was a terribly great idea. 
All I know is that it's pretty damn mean to put a glass wall in a bar. 
i guess when we were done i grunted "unforgiveable" and walked out. 
Supposedly i was taking multiple birth control pills while screaming dot judge me. Never going back 
He knows as soon as he hits chameleon eye status drunk, he is guaranteed to piss the bed we NEED to push him there 
I'm going as Jenn Sterger if she answered Favre's calls and ended up in a trash can. If I don't get laid tonight I'm going to be pissed 
I'm just gonna go nail your roommate after we break up anyway. 
Just got to school and somone already mentioned the amount of cereal im carrying. 
no normal human would even think about making waldo slutty but you 
He's having a heart to heart coversation with the keg about what he should do with his life. 
Theres been so much buildup for our genitals to meet, one or both of us is sure to be disappointed. 
She thought someone was breaking in but when I said it was me she got even angrier and threw a coffee mug at my head. 
She said i kept moaning her moms name instead of hers 
If you bring me a slurpee and advil I will eat you out for like an hour. 
If I don't wake up hungover in a ditch Monday morning I will consider my halloween a failure 
his mom found me in the closet hiding and the only thing i could think of was to sit there and wave. 
I don't know if it's the amount i drank last night or the number of taylor swift statuses on facebook but i feel like puking everywhere 
Was the mom I hooked up with decently attractive I feel like her two friends were hotter 
it's like a walk of shame rule, you always run into someone who saw you wearing that yesterday 
I wish I could just thrust my cock straight into her new relationship. 
The prostitute across the street from us is having a seizure on her front lawn again. 
she had a concussion and she still scored nine points higher than me on the midterm 
There's a hand-carved wooden bong in my backpack, and i really wish i could remember last night now. 
If I started a story with "That three-year-old totally deserved it," would you listen? 
I am currently google image searching dick piercings, trying to see what I'm getting myself into. 
Have you ever seen a porn where they were playing bluegrass in the background? 
My ATM looks so different sober. 
It's like, I'm the official vagina for that DJ group 
Let's go free Charlie Sheen and party with him 
they told me they were banning four lokos so yeah i did have to buy 42 of them 
If its allowed to Tornado at 830am then Im allowed to have a beer and a cigarette at 830am 
it was either that or behind a dumpster, and i am way too pretty to pee behind a dumpster 
Drank another frat president under the table. Thinking of starting my own, gonna call it Alpha Phi Alcoholics 
apparently i told her i wouldn't press charges if she brought me food. 
It doesn't matter if I tell the story beginning to end or end to beginning, the story still starts with a random girl blowing me in the bathroom. 
obviously he has no clue about college dating. it goes drunken sex then the 1st date 
in respone to your voicemail you left me on saturday, yes i had gone to bed and no i was not still drinking at 5am 
then they caught me trying to hide the turtle in the fridge 
Now go wash the fat girl off your hands. 
There are going to be so many Snookis this Halloween that I might just dress as the guy that hit her and punch them all in the face 
you can feel better about your life now. i slept with a guy who has gold teeth 
I had to have the lights off to hide my face. I was laughing so hard I almost peed in her mouth 
this year's halloween challenge: make audrey hepburn go from classy to slutty drunk 
is it bad that I didn't wash the cum out of my hair because it keeps my curls intact? 
we've been doin it since '07. it's like married sex now, were both comfortable so neither of us really tries anymore, we just do it because it's convenient 
I just negotiated a blow job for an interview. 
He gets you donuts, dinner, and booze consistently, who cares if he's cheating 
life is no where near the amusement park it was when I was on Vicodin. 
As long as you're not dating white guys again. 
i almost hope i AM knocked up so i can ruin the rest of his life 
Transgendered man at work dawning a slutty batman costume. I hate Halloween 
I am not saying a eulogy for your vibrator. 
The cab driver told me he hopes I look up to him as a father figure. Then he asked if I wanted him to take me to the hospital 
1 I really miss college walks of shame 2 I think I may have killed this girls cat 
She has no definite jawline and all of her photo's have Ke$ha quotes as captions followed by a "&lt;3" Even by your standards that is embarrassing. 
the tow truck driver and i bonded while discussing our experiences with four lokos 
my life has come down to walking through campus and wondering if every guy is the random i made out with saturday 
the sad thing is, im pretty sure she was serious about giving me head for my falafel 
He started telling people I was Stephen Hawking's son. When that didnt fly he switched to Tony Romo's cousin 
I just got a whiff of tequila through the air conditioner. 
Jesus Christ, she just started playing Enya and is humming along to it. Way, way, way too hungover to deal with her shitty taste in music 
As a matter of fact you told me i fulfilled your "woodshop teacher fantasy" 
i'm satisfied with the level of pretty that his new girlfriend isn't. 
I am trying to think of a way to make alcohol cupcakes 
the theme of the baby shower is Nightmare On Prego Street 
5 out of the 6 of them cut their hands while trying to shot gun the beer, I had never seen balls attached to such patheticness 
i remember getting really pissed off when you wouldn't let me sleep in the garage with your cat. 
i woke up to the sound of my dad getting blown. this is my life 
his mom walked in, looked at me, sighed n nsaid 'when are u gonna learn' n walked out 
Just bought a handle of vodka with the excuse of "just in case we drink tonight" 
the bride spent most of the night apologizing to people she had punched earlier. 
so i don't know how many beers it takes to make a recliner look like a toilet, but that's how many i had. 
He just said he was the Jesus of alcoholics. 
Don't play hard to get, I've seen some of the girls you've slept with. 
I'm too tired to go all the way tonight, especially if you're going to quote Katy Perry at me during 
he put on The Eye of the Tiger while she was in labor. 
Its that time of year where we just drink more instead of dressing warmer 
You are in charge of making sure that her vagina explodes with joy tonight. 
The fact that its 10am on a gameday and I have yet to shotgun is absurd 
nothing worse than sitting down ready for a solid porn sesh to find out your internet is out. comcast owes me a handjob 
i remember too much of last night for it to have been successful 
These fall allergies are really hindering my cocaine habit. 
your philanthropy is ruining my sex life. 
she was pretty happy for someone in the middle of a herpes outbreak, how was i supposed to know? 
i'm sorry for cheering you on when you were making out with him. i was just celebrating the fact he was decent looking for once 
its was like we drinking an entire bottle of mystery 
Yeah i knew he wasn't okay when he told me he was "seeing his vision" 
It's a Lindsey's Going to Jail Theme party. 
Day 5 without masturbation. Fat chicks are back on the table 
he made me have a moment of silence for the half of my ice cream cone i threw away. 
A friday night jus isn't the same if the cops don't raid my dorm 
That haircut screams I'm 35 but I still eat pussy. 
Im drinking a large pickle jar full of Emergency, water and left over pickle juice and I dont care. 
well when mom kept referring to my "black hole of a vagina" and how i devoured all the nuts at the party like i was a pro, i figured my stay was up. 
We left the bar, went to a sex shop, bought penis shotglasses, went back to the bar and insisted that the bartender used them. 
how many americans can say they have been laid before eating their first big mac? 
I really hope our interview with channel 6 last night doesn't air or else my parents are gona get a first hand look at my alcohol problem 
I've come to realize that after waking up this morning for work no one wins in bar dice. 
I feel like college is just one giant drunken trip to Taco Bell 
I think your going to be the cause of an awesome death 
Apparently in gay bars the restroom signs are just a formality. Its a free for all in there 
Alright, so what's my next move? I already posted a Milli Vanilli video on her wall 
Your dad's facebook is ejaculating midlife crisis all over my minifeed 
There's a paramedic out here, what have you done? 
Drunk tip #47: Its better to overestimate how many plastic bottles itll take to urinate in, rather then underestimate. 
Thank god i puked near the cancer center. makes me look like a chemo patient 
did i really just refer to you as "the mid season replacement" 
I legitimately woke up with a girl trying to snort cocaine off my dick. 
Jessi just used the excuse "it's not you it's me" to get out of getting a lap dance. 
He did a line, told me my hair looked pretty against the background of the clouds, and then we fucked. Good afternoon 
I'm going to start telling people I'm a sophomore so they stop asking me about college and what I want to do with my life 
There's so much relief when you realize you wake up in your own bed 
So it turns out my dad calls his penis "John" which means he either named me after his penis or his penis after me 
i think there mostly mad about the fact it was 6 pm not the fact i blew a .255 
When you started Hi-fiving people I knew u were fucking gone. You slapped some dude on the shoulder when he wouldn't hi-five you and he asked if he even knew you 
I made a drinking game out of watching your DUI video, everytime you say " okay, well thats just your opinion" 
What's the kids name that was drinking stale beer and redbull out of the blender? 
he said that he wanted to outsmoke the rain, I don't know what that means but I'm gonna go help him 
I hope, cuz I was gunna get "celebritory drunk" but now I have to get "I'm disappointed drunk" 
double majoring has taught me only that psych majors are sluttier than govt majors 
either i blacked out mid-sex but remember the beginning and end, or he really only lasted a couple of minutes 
I'm going to leave the fate of whether I go to my midterms up to my dealer hitting me up or not 
The one from last night got me a whole floor of Eskimo Brothers. There was a celebration of high fiving as I left 
Its that time of week again, Bad life decision wednesday 
Aren't you glad we're at the point in our relationship where I don't even ask why you're hiding in the cabinet? 
He left his umbrella behind in my bed to 'keep me company', then stole my front door key before he went to work 
Admitting I go to nursing school is my subtle way of saying, yes, I know every muscle in your penis and how to effectively use them. 
Guess who just hooked up with the cop that fingerprinted her? 
at roughly 3:30am you called me saying you were gonna start a big game of strip twister in politics class and i was your partner. 
I'm making a contract of things you're not allowed to put in my ass 
please don't go to jail. I'd hate to have to call the montgomery county jail every time I need sex advice 
I feel like tequila heightens the sense of my nipples. 
Just proof I should've brought the airhorn with me to class. 
That's what happens when you park you car under a perfectly good balchony I can puke off of 
and then they started calling me 'Shitshow Shandra', which apparently i took as a compliment. 
well, i woke up this morning to a note i left myself my dry erase board, "dear you: i had sex with someone awful." 
Your ability to be a slut in your nightmare astounds me 
I just remember thinking that if i ran really fast through the house, no one would notice i was naked. 
mom in a round about way told me to either donate my eggs or become a surrogate bcuz I need money. 
I slept face down in the dirt because I wanted to go camping? 
she told me if people cross their eyes and look at her, they say she looks like megan fox 
Dude i thought about you literally the second after I came. This friendship is starting to cross some serious boundaries 
he actually said the words "do you want to pet the lizard?" with a straight face as he unzipped his pants 
Definitely just blazed with the housekeeper. That woman needs a raise 
It's a good deal. He teaches me how to longboard, then we have sex 
my goal is to masturbate without thinking about my exbf. 
Of course I was flustered, I had a lot of penis in my face. 
Things you are not allowed to do while im gone: sell cats on ebay, put cats in freezer again, shave cats like lions, dye cats pink/blue, try to light cats on fire to"wake them up from their nap" agian 
My google history shows every combination of "red lobster cheesy biscuits" possible. 
now were playing what girl doesnt belong in the picture of girls in bikinis. 
you are getting stockholm syndrome from your pubes 
For future reference, the words 'big' and 'problem' should be used sparingly with a person whom you have recently had copious amounts of unprotected sex 
Being a responsible DD does not include attempting to coordinate a 4 taxi caravan to bar #3 
and hes going back to rehab like me, so we have common interests 
Real friends wouldn't let me shotgun a 4loko after already seeing me trying to eat a girl out through her jeans. 
I tried doing a handstand in the middle of the bar and I ended up kicking this old guy in the face and broke his glasses. Thats how I got kicked out 
I just bought 4 bottles of wine in sweats at 530 on a monday night. Fuck law school 
i cant text you anymore tonight, God gave me two hands for two cups 
he described going down on me as being like 'entering a jungle of deliciousness and fur 
you can't just make up for the fact that you broke up with me by tagging yourelf in my embarrassing facebook videos of you 
Day 8 of being sober: Sniffed an empty beer bottle at a restaurent and almost licked it. This is not working 
I always know the weekend is over when the real license comes out and the fake goes back into the hiding spot. 
i dodnt think we hooked up bcause he actually texted me the next day 
he obviously didn't care that i was sleeping and dreaming about ellen degeneres knitting me a christmas sweater. 
he kept saying "mind over matter" as he fucked me 
Just before going down on me she said, "I need a hairband for all of the jobs I'm about to perform." 
From what I remember, he had one ball. But it was cute 
I have a page in my 2010 scrapbook dedicated to pictures of his cock. 
just as they were cutting his pants off he made em stop & said "everyone knows about shrinkage right". 
I don't really want to explain to you right now but i just ate laundry detergent 
Yeah getting kicked out of the bar at 1 pm really set the tone for the day. 
he said i give him, and i quote, "emotional blue balls" 
btw good call for not making out for a pitcher of vodka, this hangover is bad enough 
I'm not sober enough to be having a conversation about a rap she wrote in Spanish about public safety 
In case you were wondering, my scare crow is wearing your outfit from last night. 
Can you deep fry cheerios do you know? crucial question 
You would think that someone would have been sober enough to object to vodka bong races. 
literally have a bruise on my forehead from being over the toilet all night. 
two gay guys came in and bought just a kite and a box of wine. Why cant I have saturday nights that awesome 
Passing out during sex is actually quite pleasant. its like being rocked to sleep with a penis 
There is a clear recurring theme of me having sex in restrooms that really needs to stops 
In retrospect pumpkin carving while drinking Patron was a bad idea. 
there is a time and a place for ass-grabbing and that was not it. 
Did I show you my penis last night? 
I woke up to the sound of a beer can being opened. I love him already 
Calling yourself a modern day Geisha doesn't justify being a whore. 
It was also my first failed attempt at shower sex. 
every time i wear that dress i get kicked out of a bar. 
Did you write "I hope this gives you aids" on my box of capn crunch? 
we weren't quite sure what was on that mirror, so we snorted it and hoped for the best 
You slow danced with your carpet steamer last night. 
what the fuck a piece of candy corn just came out of her nose 
What would you say if I got first degree burns on my nipples from drinking coffee topless? 
I'm glad you trust me to be your sex stat keeper. 
i secretly love the power trip of being their RA &amp; busting these idiots for everything i did as a freshman 
I just want dick. Yours just gets priority because it is glorious 
She refused to give me a hand job while we were watching a war movie saying she didn't wanna disrespect the soldiers 
He has a really nice penis but its like a model that wasn't built to scale 
Oh, I'm sorry. I'd rather be "doable" than "the fat chick" 
Just so we're on the same page, we cannot have been the first people to have ever thought about shooting that guy with crossbow 
with your flexibility, and the size of my penis, amazing things are possible. 
It was her first time with a girl so I put on my tegan and Sara playlist to really get the full experience. 
After I saw you grinding on that guy with your shirt completely unbuttoned, I figured it was time for pizza. 
Homecoming wouldn't be the same without all the drunk old people puking on the street. 
Do you think she's aware of my deep hatred or should I set her hair on fire in her sleep? 
You're the only person I know who would say "we'll play it by ear" referring to a threesome 
I'm pre-party power houring. It's so catchy I couldn't not do it 
well once we started drinking vodka out of wine glasses there was no turning back 
how should i feel about a person who brings a box of eggo waffles on the plane as a carry on? 
So excited for tonight I might actually pee my pants BEFORE I get blackout 
I could tell by the Randy 'Machoman' Savage "hey brother" that you were beyond inebriated 
I mean what are real friends for if they won't hold down your wedding dress to allow for a keg stand 
i almost set my kitchen on fire last night. homecoming week is getting the best of me 
Stop making excuses. You can be here in 5 and cumming in 10 
it tasted disgusting. but i pretty much drank it in the name of science, and free alcohol 
She was doing lines off of her friends boobs in the limo at 9 oclock on a thursday This has the potential to be the best weekend ever 
If that really is brett favre's penis, no wonder she ignored his calls 
I wouldnt consider it a good Wednesday if there wasn't any projectile vomit involved 
i was about to rearrange the room but realized that this is the only efficient setup where we can have sex while the other one's asleep without them accidentally seeing. 
you cant keep talent like that locked up in a relationship 
What's the wine called that we really like and we usually drink it with xanax? 
the lighter is IN the bong. I don't know what to do 
Can you call him, he said something about going to the balcony to pee and now hes texting me saying hes lost 
He keeps asking me for girl advice, i told him im an expert at getting drunk, not girls 
the cop cuffed us all with 40's still taped to our hands 
I know it should be off bounds, but can this be the chick we all sleep with at some point? I can write it off as drunken mistake, you all just have to come up with equally good excuses 
Im going to need an iv of taco bell after this. 
just saw way to many penises for it being 5 o'clock on a thursday 
No its cool, because I bought a handle of tequila earlier, in case things went south 
we were boning in the bathroom when her boyfriend came upstairs. I wish i could remember what happened next more clearly, because it had to have been hilarious 
Trying to figure out if I'm the second dude she hooked up with yesterday. I feel like a consolation prize 
So apparently when he was telling people he was in Alaska for 6 months he was actually in jail 
my co-worker, his best friend who also works with us, an my baby daddy, ive turned love triangle into a retarded shape with to many sides to pronounce 
Why is the garage door in the middle of the street? 
you cried when she wouldn't let you have her bathroom rug. 
he kept a regular condom in his wallet just so he could comment on how it wouldnt fit before whipping out the magnums. i give him points for the build up 
She said I wasn't helping her abandonment issues by not responding to her texts at 4 am 
I just ate a fried snickers. I now officially accept all fat jokes 
Dude, smoked out of a pumpkin tonight. I like Halloween more now 
if they reproduce, their children will be the worst quarters players ever 
Doing tuck and rolls down a stair case was not my brightest idea 
You seemed more interested in the queso dip than you were in the hand job 
Can we please just celebrate being alive this far into the school year and just get drunk? 
Only mom could turn an abortion day into a shopping day 
Just figured out I can wedge my iphone between my boobs so it stands up at a perfect handsfree reading angle. Clearly somebody up there wants me to smoke this bowl while I watch my bieber videos 
I knew he was a nice guy, because when we switched positions he flipped the mattress so I wouldn't have to lay in a pool of his sweat. 
Girls night always turns into let's seperate and get laid night. 
If Amber from Teen Mom can get a new boyfriend, so can I. 
I need a second opinion on who's blood is in my car. 
What baked good do you think says thanks for being a great tutor, lets bang? 
Apparently 'she used to sleep with my brother' is not an acceptable answer to how do you know each other. 
this isnt the first time ive seen her dressed as abe lincoln 
also: i found my "nug jug", actually the baby did, but either way it got returned to its rightful owner 
i was thoroughly upset that he did not want to be my number 16, who passes that number up? 
Is moral bankruptcy something you need to file for? 
just fought my dog for the chicken pie I dropped on the floor. 
Does the phrase 'traumatizing near-threesome' mean anything to you. 
So last week was the 4th time a girl cried after sex. I'm seriously doing something wrong 
you know it's time to start studying when you've procrastinated to the point where you're reading your roommate's ex-boyfriend's wall posts from 2006. 
But then he started to talk about his wedding he wants and I quote " and yes parts will be choreographed" 
he said i ruined lesbian porn for him 
How do I tactfully ask if the neighbors downstairs can hear me beating it? 
all I know is he gave me a Cialis and tried to take me home. 
now you know why we've never bought a 12 pack of king cobras before. 
He tried to make eye contact, he should know by now that freaks me out 
Drunk roommate walked in on us and asked if we wanted to go eat a sandwich with her in the bathroom. 
I went back up to the apartment to get her phone and when I came back she was peeing on the sidewalk 
some dude is stoned out of his mind in my calc class. just shouted that the teacher was a genius cause he got rid of so many numbers 
Putting the night light in my bathroom cabinet was the best idea ever. Awesome for puking while light sensitive 
Today's face brought to you by last night's make-up. 
He fell asleep in the strip club and they paid some stripper $20 to sit on his face until he woke up. 
I think she just stepped in a piece of mac and cheese, picked it off the bottom of her foot and ate it. 
I walked downstairs and he was standing in nothing but his boxers with his dick hanging out warming up eggs in the microwave. 
And I was the only one who felt it was dangerous to set the tv and blender on the ledge of the hot tub 
I'm sober enough to realize she looks like a man, but drunk enough to do it anyways 
tried to order jimmy johns from the ER last night, the nurses did nottt approve 
She kept saying 'I love you' but i couldn't tell if she was talking to me or to her beer. 
Soup is not an acceptable meal before doing that many Jager bombs 
I'd like to personally thank you for not letting anyone puke in any of the salad bowls this time 
He was on Keeping Up with the Kardashians it was like a deed from god to bang him 
Also I feel like 60&#37; of our relationship is based on sausage mcmuffins. 
In the middle of fucking me, she said "Hold on, I need my Hulk hands." 
They just both started mumbling "i cant go home like this" "it's all over my face" "do you have extra pants?" 
I'll be honest, not actually surprised to find half a Big Mac box and bits of broken security glass by the sofa. 
Oh it's happening. I'm Chugging a beer while sitting next to a 6 year old 
Also, I just saw a woman change into her stripper outfit in the bathroom at Target. 
we did it on the golf course and he threw the condom in the pond. some poor fish is gonna choke on it 
I have some memory of taking a dump in a guitar case. 
No she hasen't showed up to my place yet, last I heard she was puking as she was walking without stopping near the park. 
Every time I remember you're bi, the world gets a little brighter. 
How can I look at her with a straight face when she has dry puke on her eye lid 
I need a legitimate reason as to why the microwave door is in the shower 
Well on a lighter note, guess who just threw up in the elevator 
we where pretty evenly matched until he threw me through that wall 
why is there a clump of hair nailed to my wall? 
I puked in the coffee maker. I wouldn't make coffee tomorrow morning if I were you 
Just found out the guy that gave me herpes died. now everytime I get a flare up, it'll be like he's coming back to say hello 
Guess which guy you've blown just made me sandwich at subway? 
The water bill last month was outrageous. We have got to stop fucking for hours in the shower 
IS FOOTBALL GONNA SUCK HIS DICK? NO, IT IS NOT 
Best thing law school has taught me: how to use logic to turn a girls "no I will not have sex with you" into "well I might as well get laid" 
I wish I still had pics from the prostitute I paid/dated 
he sent me a picture of his dick with a heart border around it 
Sharon took in a random bleeding stranger drunker than her, named her Nicole, and is feeding her jello shots on the toilet 
Just traded a samurai sword for some drugs. It's gonna be one random ass night 
she's walking down the hall in a thong and one flip flop and one ugg 
walmarts paint section shouldnt be open at 3am 
What hospital were we in last night? Insurance needs to know 
I can't believe im sexting my roommate. This is really what my life has come to 
well i just had my first "when i graduated college she was 12" morning 
I love waking up with his head head between my legs, it makes me feel special 
if I want to go home with a foreign boy, please feel free to let me go, sober me gives you permission to let drunken me do it 
I took the chef home. His dick even tasted like garlic 
She just kept tellin me God was coming back and he was leavin her with a bag of stale doritoes and shitty friends. 
We are taking shots for every green Lon-Capa box we get for the homework. 
judging by the cake all over the hall, my neighbors had a pretty successful thursday too. 
I told him i wanted to be exclusively cheating with him 
I told her she has a very organized vagina; somehow she took offense. 
Somehow after we left in 3 different cars to all go to different places we still all ended up in the emergency room 
i thought they made a 7-hour walmart run, but they were actually in jail. 
He was spoon feeding me wine all night. 
I know it sounds like a good idea, but doing Spanish homework at a bar just because the owners are Mexican and they give us margaritas really wasn't the best decision. 
Woke up with string cheese braided into my hair- literally braided 
Had to make a piece of abstract art. Your dick is in it 
I just dont think you can meet a stranger after youve heard them cum through the walls though 
making your facebook status TEQUILA is like basically saying "im easy tonight. feel free to take advantage" 
I swear if it wasn't for meeting for drug dealers @ gas stations, i would never remember to get gas. 
Dude you didn't move for like 2 hours then suddenly sang the chorus to ghetto superstar and passed back out 
It was awkward being the only one at the wedding who knows that the bride and groom met when she gave him a lap dance at a strip club 
just because she threw up on my junk doesnt mean i dont like asians anymore 
do you guys have 30-35 shot glasses? because if not, i don't even see a point in me coming 
Protip: If you slur the word 'tipsy', you've progressed beyond tipsy. 
i figure i've seen his cum stains on the floor, i'm allowed to say these things. 
They gave me a glowstick necklace to wear so they could locate me if I wandered off into the woods 
I've come to accept that no matter where I step in our apartment, your underwear will be there. 
I won the karaoke contest at the bar last night, when they called my name i was doing blow off the toilet seat, i thought they caught me, i didnt even know there wasa contest 
and thats when we got a drunken mammogram in the middle of cvs pharmacy 
it was like that last scene in "It's A Wonderful Life" but with alcohol 
i feel like everytime i say im going to quit drinking someone comes along with a better idea about drinking 
just threw up on my speech test, so much for a great semester 
i just opened a bottle of wine with my dads power tools 
lesson learned: don't narrate out loud about how a girl is giving you head while she's doing it 
You can't keep basing your relationship off of the fact that you both love ramen noodles 
you really dont want me to drink and drive. you saw what i did to my face and that was only from walking 
I love how my cats smell like pot. 
Have thirty minutes until my shift starts. My heart says liquor store but my future says no 
we boned then he told me that he had a thing for my gay roommate. worst night ever 
i do some of my deepest thinking on my wednesday morning walks of shame 
We had sex after spending two hours in the drunk tank. It was really deep and meaningful 
Dude, the cops never think it's as funny as you do. 
I legitimately sent him a storybook of naked pictures. 
I think this baby is eyeing my beer 
don't think this is any sort of attachment thing but if I'm going to throw up regularly at your house, I'm going to keep a tooth brush there 
He said my breasts were God's way of making up to him for all the shit he's had to endure in his life. 
Whoever put the tambourine in the dryer is a douche. Worst hangover wakeup ever 
She woke up laying on my kitchen floor, ketchup bottle as her pillow, in front of my fridge. 
She's singing So Happy Together to her burrito, I want to be on her level. 
When sleeping with someone new: should you hide the magnum condoms, or let him know what he has to live up to? 
I use him for alcohol and he uses me for sex. This is the closest thing to love i could imagine 
My male hookup buddy is gonna meet my female hookup buddy, let the awkward hookup games begin! 
You're surprisingly coherent for someone who thinks her couch is breathing. 
she got pretty angry when i tried to superglue her fingers together. 
I mean we've tried to get high on nutmeg, we clearly dont know the definition of "too far" 
You walked in with a firecracker and a doughnut then demonstrated what a lazy job he did fucking you 
Dude my triple a card is good for bail. This is like a real live get out of jail free card 
You kept asking who was the good cop and who was the bad cop, you said you only wanted to talk to the good one 
I asked her if she was the outdoorsy type, she replied "I had sex on a fourwheeler once, does that count?" 
When I came home you were using a glowstick to eat peanut butter from the jar. 
There's a 24 hour period after giving head where you can't eat penis shaped food without me laughing at you 
I'm eating cereal out of the pocket of my flannel right now 
where's my purse there's an important taco in it 
Wait, how is it that I'm just getting ready to go out and you're already showing your penis to freshmen girls? 
nothing says "we're all in this together" like the herpes she passed around to our entire group of friends 
Just spent the last three hours in the library successfully refreshing facebook 
I miss waking up, opening the closet downstairs, and finding you inside passed out. 
For once I'd like to have a Taco Sunday without having some random drunk chick flee my house half naked and in tears. 
She woke up with blood running down her face and asked the EMS guy where the keg was 
New policy: when a woman uses the word blowjob in a sentence within 5 minutes of meeting her, you buy her a drink. 
While you were puking in the ocean I was rubbing your back saying "Just give it back to Mother Earth". 
So, i took all the condoms from his nightstand, not in the crazy ex way, but in the I paid for them way. 
it took you forty minutes to realize it was a gay bar. 
So the answer to your question is yes, I was masturbating on the roof of my building. 
All we did was argue about ponys and drug dealers 
how do I tell him nicely and in french that we can't have sex anymore because his huge penis will ruin me for other french men? 
I swear to god he's a one man village people. 
is it consensual if they're cheered on by a room filled with 30 people? 
this morning your mother said to me "sorry to have to meet you like this, in my sons bed" later she said "you never know whos gonna be in there. its scary sometimes" 
It went from cuddling and watching blood diamond to watching the three of them snort an entire $80 bag of blow off the coffee table 
These hangoverless Sunday mornings are becoming too regular. 
Why are there maracas in the dishwasher? 
Thats the last thing I remember and then I woke up in this Dutch kids dorm and he was taking a picture of me while I was sleeping 
that blow job was not worth the clinginess that will follow 
Can't show you right now as we are in public and he refuses to let me photograph his penis in a bar. 
nothing like walking down the street with a garbage bag of puke trying to find a dumpster 
A monkey stole my iPod. This was not in the fucking study abroad brochure 
well right now he's telling us a story how he befriended a racoon 
we need to start a braincell conservation fund for you, sort of like save the whales or something. 
he said he has something really important to tell me but isn't ready yet. It's either that he loves me or has herpes 
After he came inside me, he made us hold hands and pray that I wasn't pregnant. 
successfully started a charcoal grill with 2 shots of everclear and some aluminum foil. i never wanna leave here 
i'm not sure when it happened but apparently now it's topless bar night, im wearing a leotard and everyone is looking at me like i'm cheating. 
That's why there are breakfast margaritas. 
I don't see why you're so upset, it's not like you were wearing pants either. 
Drunk in a canoe getting pulled by a lawn mower thinking of you 
i had to pay fifty dollars for throwing up in the limo, 60 fucking dollars to throw up all over myself 
He let me keep his flannel as a "good job" for the great head I gave him. 
I miss vodka workout Fridays 
Clearly he doesn't understand my need to be surrounded by cats at all times 
he tried to make a toast, but hit the moving ceiling fan with his beer instead 
i dont know everytime i see her teeth i get erectile disfunction 
You know, be my cock's hype man. 
He had a seizure when i was giving him head. for a second i was thinking i was doing a spectacular job 
advice for life: when the cop takes your tallboy, don't ask for your coozy back 
All I remember is holding on to the elevator asking it politely to stop spinning 
When she was giving me head last night it felt like there was a NASCAR pit crew working on my dick. 
i want you to know that after i type the word "your" , vagina is next on my auto correct text 
Do you think he woke up this morning, looked at you, and then regretted everything? 
i've met an abundance of virgins and guys who where flip flops, i thinks there's a correlation 
its family weekend so i'm givin my little bro a tour of everywhere ive thrown up on campus 
Coming home soaking wet at three am and trying to convince the front desk man that we came from the library might have worked if I wasn't also roaring at everything. 
Handjob with gloves on results in friction burn. In case you've ever wondered 
You're barking up the wrong lesbian. 
And your hair- I'd make sure to pee on it first. 
I've banged too many servicemen's wives to still be considered an American. 
please just be careful, i just switched my facebook status to "in a relationship", i would look really pathetic if i had to change it back to "single" already 
We decided that the paper cups disintegrating was god's way of telling us we had had enough 
On the bright side, at least we arent the generation raised by fucked up teen moms. 
Why do I feel like I'm not the only one drinking to make my night class teacher look better? 
Legitimately semi-blackout across the table from the governor off a chardonnay i can't even pronounce. 
America approved of our night. A bald eagle flew over us at 7am 
We decided to have a girls night of four lokos, three of us cried and the other puked 
the fact that you could barely do more than slur incoherent sentences didn't stop you from correcting her grammar 
I was unaware that a tutu and pasties was appropriate attire to this 
I just remember her telling me "Hi, my names Kaissa and I'm a lesbian" over and over and over and over again as I was crying. 
I have more bruises, scratches, and overall soreness from my birthday weekend than my car accident. 
I havnt even moved into my new place yet and there's already a county sheriffs card taped to the door with my name on it asking me to call him 
You sent her a pic of your dick with 'guess what you cant have anymore' written on it with a marker. 
I just got a high school volleyball teams practice cancelled because I slept with the head coach through their practice time. 
I don't have enough holes for all these australians 
Note to self not a good idea to try and make out with a girl when she's crying over her boyfriend 
I found out during it when he said "my girlfriend never does this" so he's all to blame, I had no idea until half way through. 
cat food counts as protein by the way 
he swears he got herpes from a bowl of soup 
Do 'mystery' cracked ribs heal any quicker than regular ones? 
The fact that I found him in his Ninja Turtles t-shirt next to six empty and obviously consumed packs of EasyMac watching reruns of Becker certainly made telling him that I wanted a divorce so much easier than I had planned. 
She even gives head with a lisp. 
I feel like after all he sees, the dog needs to get baptized. 
You told me you were allowed to keep eating butter because it had just passed midnight and you were on the next day's daily fat servings 
The working title of my paper? "Tailgating: A Big Clusterfuck of Kids Who Dont Actually Give a Shit about Football" 
I'm masturbating to football. This is why I get guys and you don't 
Just made a photo collage of the girls I've hooked up with this summer. I'm patting myself on my back right now 
so apparently the car got towed with me passed out in the back seat. 
literally the only thing you kept saying was "i wish i had a beer keg vending machine that accepted hugs as payment" and everytime you said it you rubbed the urn her grandmother's remains were in 
Blonde 1 is sitting on the floor crying and blonde 2 is asleep with her face in the toilet. This isn't what I had in mind when they asked me back 
Next thing I know we're all standing in the kitchen holding hands and thanking God for the beer. 
Drinking with birthday clown in the backyard shed at a 5 year olds birthday party at 12 in the afternoon. My life doesn't need any adjustments 
Why do I have peacock feathers super glued to my body? 
I cannot believe we're comparing my vagina to Mary Poppins and a black hole. 
I want to see you in more than a weed delivering capacity 
the pic of her and her boyfriend fell off the wall as we were fucking. 
These people keep looking at me like I'm the first person to ever eat ribs in a Home Depot. 
He's so gross, but the preschooler inside me is screaming that this is her life dream and I have to be with him or she'll never forgive me. 
You seriously looked at the house acorss the street and implied that you thought they had nice Easters. 
Her directions to the house party: "the north star will guide you, turn left. I'm wearing the potato hat" 
she played "i just wanna get married" by jagged edge while we were having sex. why cant i avoid stage 5 clingers 
I lost my phone so I put sticky notes all over my roommates body asking her to wake me up at 7:00 AM. 
She threw all the patio furniture in the pool saying she was building a castle. 
I don't know, but I don't want you to think its ok to show up at my house at 4 am with a gorilla suit and a bucket of pinnapple and think id be ok with it 
Thank GOD those kids were having a lemonade stand, I didn't have anything to wash down my plan b with. 
there's no food at this bar, but i'm pretty sure vodka is made of wheat so i'm basically drinking bread. 
i just opened a seperate checking account to keep track of how much i make and spend on our keggers 
Apparently she held up my head the entire 40 minutes, convincing the cab driver that I was okay 
My wrist bandage is guacamole stained. What an accurate representation of my life as a whole 
How long can I microwave pasta with a 20 percent alcohol content? 
I've never had a better reason to do blow of a Pittsburgh strippers ass than to try and keep pace with my dad. 
the only sentence i could make out from her was "i will wash these herpes away" 
That was the most comfortable bag of doritos I have ever slept on! 
there's just a random girl here singing about how much she loves fiber 
Your last words were "i'm gonna motorboat the bartender." then you commenced with an attempted motorboat 
As I was driving her home she congratulated each and every deer we saw for making it through the first day of dear season. 
On my list on ridiculous morning after bus rides home, still sopping wet and carrying a giant straw hat is definitely top five 
I just shaved my vag with a razor my dad left when he was here a few months ago. Too hungover to think about the Freudian connotations 
she was passed out on the moving sidewalks in the airport, we NEED to travel more often 
We gotta make a movie eventually. All good, long-lasting relationships include a homemade porno 
I just remember taking her cat for a walk around 3 am then falling asleep in a slide at the park 
Missing a small section of hand. Hope your night is going better 
I get way too drunk to be trusted with family heirlooms 
Goldfish can't live in a bowl filled with tequila, lesson learned. 
This guy just showed us his webbed feet to prove that his son was actually his son 
i remember introducing him to all my posters and making him be extra nice to frank sinatra and bob dylan before he fucked me 
I've now graduated to the level of gay where I can tell Tegan and Sara apart. 
When the cops came you just told them you'd go to your time out corner. 
I'll give her a pass for the first one, but after the second threesome, she should have learned her lesson. 
Maybe if i steal enough bar glasses i can justify all the money spent i've spent there 
Because when I say 'You shouldn't drink anymore', she hears, 'I personally challenge you to chug 3 more mixed drinks' 
I need a hobby that doesnt involve alcohol and my tv 
My sister got her picture in the pub crawl section of the paper today and my dad said to me "why can't you be more like her?" 
We need to stop celebrating holidays that dont belong to us 
so the girl i've been sleeping with for 3 weeks now just figured out that i don't know her name 
He just walked in our room casually and said "big girls are hungry" 
well my dad not being home definitely made it less awkward to walk in carrying the bra I left wearing. 
I wish that one Sunday morning I could wake up feeling like I have my life together. 
I forget the details, but I'm told that I drunkenly stalked him around floor yelling obscure Jewish laws at him 
Well i tried snorting sugar. so either that made me puke or the fact that i drank water from a fish tank 
do you think you could subtly ask him about the dimensions of his penis? 
I'm sitting by myself in my bra eating a waffle and drinking pineapple rum. gamedaaaayyyyyyy 
I guess on the plus side everyone really, really enjoyed my nipple clamps 
Either allow it in a formal toast or i will drunkenly tell your in-laws while i'm dancing on their table. either way, the truth is coming out 
he just came in and straightened the chair and left again 
The door to door salesmen do not expect you to be drunk at 3 in the afternoon 
You kept saying thank you to the automatic toilet as it flushed your puke. 
I can hear the condescending tone from the atm when it asks if $3 is all I would like to deposit 
all i remeber is falling off a fence and banging him in the middle of the street, not sure which one gave me this cut 
I knew it was gonna be weird when she opened the condom with scissors 
I kept pulling the $1 bills off the stage and told everyone "no no no she has to work for this money" 
I'm hoping to finish this bottle of wine before I pass out, I don't want the remainder spilling on my white down comforter. 
She's never allowed to turn 21 again 
After having to meet his mom half naked, running into the tree in front of her didn't seem so bad. 
and his room smelled like strippers, childrens tears, and fear 
I just won unlimited hot dogs for life. I'm so glad I smoked 
Theres a truck parked on the front yard and i just want to take this opportunity to tell you now that it is not my fault. 
Thanks for putting the blue stuff in the toilet, it made me throwing up this morning more enjoyable. 
I don't think anyone could emotionally handle a numb vagina. 
Let's review the facts-we're bored, we have a ton of beer, and we live 5 minutes from the zoo. This equation is easily solvable 
Been at work for four hours and just discovered the chairs in my office double as a napping surface. Most productive thing I've done all day 
just asked if they'd gift wrap go-go taquitos for you at 7-eleven 
you figure out which one you wanna sleep with, &amp; I'll sleep with the other one. problem solved 
Just tell him to eat fruit before so it tastes good. Then it's just like shotgunning a smoothie 
Sorry for scaring your son with my drunken animal impressions 
hey quick question, what would you consider to be a "first date" porn? 
There's a Sam Adams brew house. How were we not supposed to go 
It got awkward when the girl working at planned parenthood continued to hit on me, after she knew about my STDs. 
a girl just walked by me crying on the phone saying, "all I ever do is menstruate" 
All I know is that if a letter starts with "I'm aware you jerked off in the bathroom last night," I don't want to finish reading it. 
We can grow old together and our livers can fail together 
While he was going down his phone rang and he answered saying I'll call you later I'm eating. 
He told me he loved me mid lick. Anyone that can look at me from that angle, lick my vagina, and say they love me must absolutely mean it 
how opposed are you to picking me up at the bar at 11:00am? 
I'm drinking whiskey outta the bottle trying to earn the trust of some ducks in the yard 
It's the foolproof way to identify who didn't get laid last night 
the only reason you beat me in fntsy this week is bc you wouldnt bail me outa jail in time to set my roster you dick 
being alone eating nachos and drinking from a giant munchen beermug really isnt that sad 
Her tits were the only thing that upgraded her from "no way in fuck" to "drunken mistake" 
That's why she's the girl with her life together and you're the girl with the penis drawn on your car. 
when she started singing "you look better when im drunk" to my cat i realized it was time to take her home 
Or I die of a heart attack, which is the more likely/less fun scenario. 
Breaking personal boundaries is my trademark 
she ate the whole pudding cup using only her tongue. i'm considering going lesbian for her 
Everytime I see a couple on campus walking and holding hands I just want to yell he's gonna lie! 
It's very clear that i'm the girl sweating out four lokos at 2 in the afternoon at the gym 
Just because you were able to pour the entire bottle of wine into 2 glasses does not mean you took it easy last night. 
Freshman just walked up and thanked me for letting him hide under my bed when the cops showed up to the house last weekend 
I had his cock in my mouth and he still wouldn't shut up about Star Wars. 
i just remembered last night waiting for you to pick me up wearing my bra on my head to protect me from the rain 
It would be celebrated in history as "the orgasm heard round the world" 
I saw you try to drink out of a soda machine at taco bell, don't worry about judging 
Just had a serious bathroom emergency at walmart a and it appears that i ate a taco bell burrito wrapper last night 
Oh no I havn't even told you about the naked asians yet 
She was drinking straight whiskey out of her peacock shaped vase again. 
you can SEE the outline of a pad through her jeans. there is no way 
There was a canoe full of alcohol. It was literally a boat load of fun 
Please don't ever try giving my cat a hair cut ever ever again 
Honestly, it was easier to just put it in my mouth than to deal with an awkward conversation. 
i distinctly remember leaping through the apartment to rescue the clam chowder burning in the kitchen 
I hope he doesn't find the chex mix when he takes my shirt off. 
He's drunk and putting on a tie for the jimmy john's delivery guy 
apparently you can't crawl through the drive-thru window 
You rolled out of the car, got on all fours and puked then just nonchalantly stood up and waved goodbye and thanks for the ride. 
I need a good reason NOT to eat this entire jar of nutella right now 
the man who designed bathrooms to have toilets within easy puking distance from the shower is my hero 
I wish the inside of the tampon box said "CONGRATULATIONS YOUR NOT A MOTHER!" 
i almost burnt down an apartment complex. little busy, get back to you later 
The plus side of face planted at the tailgate was that no one could see my nipples hanging out. 
I hope so. I just start to question my lifestyle when i pee on coffee tables 
You cant give me a fifth of god damn jim beam and expect me not to cheat on my gf. 
I haven't shaved in at least a week, he said "obviously neither one of us was prepared for this" 
It doesn't count as drinking alone if you're making rum cake with it. 
Also, I had a dream I had a ray gun and woke up holding my dick. 
I'm thinking I had intended to send you pics cuz I woke up naked 
It's like God was speaking to me through a penis. 
Funny how often beer equates to second degree burns on some portion of my body. 
sorry for throwing an entire water bottle of vodka at you. It was very wasteful 
oh my god its dad's weekend for the sororities i can't wait to throw up in front of all these parents 
had a guy just try to take his underwear off in the middle of the bar w o taking his pants off. That kind of Sunday afternoon 
Nothing says "I'm a sorority girl" like puking at 830 in the am, wearing my anti-hazing pin, and getting ready for a tea party. 
You totally drew a penis wizard on my closet that says "I travel for cock rock" 
I knew I was high when I wanted to write a poem about how great it felt to wash my face 
I made him hve sex with me in the elevator so that I could put my finger down in never have I ever. 
Fun fact: female penguins have sex in exchange for pebbles to build nests. I now know what im being for halloween 
I found her sitting in the shower having an argument with the dolphins on the shower curtain. 
She was holding a turtle doing a beer bong out of a flower watering can. 
I was sleeping on the bathroom floor and thought a wet towel might keep me warm. 
I asked you if you were ok and you said "dude I'm fine, I'm in the recovery position" 
So many bounce houses so little time 
You told the waitress last night "What tip bracket do I have to be in to see your boobs" 
He's prob getting laid right now and I'm sitting alone in my duct tape shoes. 
I would describe it as pure and unadulterated shock, mixed with horror and a touch of nausea. 
the party was called freshmen disorientation. i was just following the theme 
He was supposed to take me to a nice dinner, but istead all he did was get drunk and throw lit fireworks at me. 
I love how kegs are figured into our monthly bills 
He's Hawaiian. Thank god it wasnt a real American 
i don't even specifically remember last night, it's just one big wonderful lesbianic blur. 
Just found a quarter that has been stuck to my boob since at least last night. 
All I know is I had a penis in one hand a bottle of wine in the other 
She had her laptop open and there was microsoft word opend and all was written was "no italianoo" 
He kept yelling "osteoporosis" and threw milk at her because she broke her arm. 
you fell asleep spooning with his golden retriever. im not sure if thats more degrading for you or the dog 
I'm telling you the guy came in bought a box of condoms and all three of the chicks that came in behind him followed him to his car. I want his life 
well what she called a "work function" most people call "doing shots with your boss while people throw napkins at you." 
Great News, you CAN smoke bowls with a magnifying glass 
Can we please not be like these pathetic people in their thirties who only get drunk when they go see Sherrill Crow? 
September 16th, captains log. I awoke in a daze, not sure of my location 
im sorry, I just can't fuck a guy who can't receive picture messages 
ok, just found out the kid i had random sex with in April was on wheel of fortune so i can really no longer say i regret that night 
Why do you keep getting laid in MY dreams 
Give me a few hours to remember what being sober feels like. 
i just overheard someone saying that they invented the 'tequila mockingbird' last night. sorry, but i found better friends 
You made a list of reasons why you should be on fear factor. You came up with 2 reasons: "I like fear" and "I am fear" 
so the party was at my house but some how i ended up being the only one who slept outside 
You'd think me telling him that I'm a lesbian would make him realize that I don't want to hook up with him. 
surprisingly enough, it isn't that uncomfortable to have sex with a heart monitor on 
Just bought a disco ball for 5 dollars, of course we're drinking tonight. 
I'm going to email her once I get off the bathroom floor 
it'll be like the batcave but for manwhores 
You said your dick dragged you up the stairs 
the higher we get, the more he looks like ray charles. 
I'm still trying to decide if it's a complement when he said "I'd like to subscribe to your daddy issues". 
The first song on his sex mix was "highway to the danger zone" 
I swear I could audibly hear her vagina slam shut when you walked up to hit on her. 
Bring my lunch to work in liquor store bags is doing nothing for my career 
You filled up my voicemail with a slurred but graphic depiction of how you were humping a fire hydrant. 
I can't tell if I miss summer or 5 times a day sex more. 
there was some random girl that nobody really knew, standing in the corner trying to shave her armpits with a plastic butter knife. 
i just realized that im half way to my goal of puking in every single toilet on our floor 
It didn't get weird until she took off her underwear, looked down, and said "fill her up!" 
I don't think he understands what an important role his penis plays in my level of self esteem 
how do I tell the students with a crush on me, that yes, I am open to receiving blowjobs in exchange for grades? 
She kept saying my hands are a cupcake factory 
My life is a requiem composed in the key of fuck. 
You pulled the fire alarm because you had to shit and there was someone in the bathroom. you said you needed privacy 
I totally need to blow more fat guys. His cum tasted like vanilla ice cream 
I was in bed at 845. Affairs take a lot out of people 
I'm not sure how exactly, but this funeral has turned into a ridiculous night of drinking games 
You were rubbing your foot on one of your legs and kept saying, "My sock feels like a waterslide!" 
I just ate nachos topless with a fork. Live with meeee 
he was drinking cheap vodka with warm tap water and a packet of crystal light. if that's not an alcoholic then idk what is 
Watching Fresh Prince at 9am with a beer in hand and he just said to Uncle Phil "Sometimes I worry that I'll never get my life together." I feel like that was a sign from above or something 
I knew I was in the wrong bar when "I have a daughter your age" was some random's pick up line. 
Come over and help me clean up your so-called "winter wonderland" that you made with the fire extinguisher in the kitchen last night. 
I really like you, but I want to get to know you on a time when I am not at drugs. 
she's on the floor slapping my dogs face with slices of pizza 
man, work is way more interesting with these acid flashbacks. 
Well, I woke up with a text message from my cab driver that said "I hope you're alive," so that's a good indicator of how I was acting last night. 
Dude you should see the looks were getting for ordering a pitcher of beer with breakfast. 
you wanted the guy to gift wrap the condoms 
If I was there, I'd make you a vicodin spiked sandwich. 
I give you the lube, you make me the mac and cheese, that's a pretty fair deal I think. 
If she's telling you consent laws theres probably a reason 
There was a picture of him proposing on the night stand and their dog watched, but I can't help myself, his dick is just so perfect. 
the orgasm was like being thrown to the other end of reality, so getting a nosebleed from it wasnt too upsetting at that point 
So after I pop out this baby we need to just go on a monthlong coke binge so I can get skinny again before vegas 
he kept telling me that god made these magical balloons called condoms 
I just noticed that my shirt smells like coffee after eating out a Barista 
this will be a night to untag. 
Moral of the story: don't get pregs or your chances in the beer league are over 
I jerked off enough times today to safely commit to the fact that im not getting laid tonight 
I think that's the first time i've seen 'you look like an ugly version of my ex' work as a pickup line 
Only she could turn her genital wart appointment into a date night. 
i swear to god even though i took those meds before coming here i did not hallucinate zulema silently throwing up into a breakfast burrito 
It's like the only way I know how to apologize is by giving a blow job. 
the only thing i remember last nigh is talking to some chick for thirty minutes about cheese. 
it was one of those movies netflix should have sent weed with 
I'm seriously gonna die surrounded by a million cats and an unbroken hymen 
Do you remember trying to eat gravel when we were walking back to the dorm? 
I honestly don't know what my boundaries are, but shitting on me is crossing them. 
i said good morning to each one of his abs personally 
Fucking freshmen need to learn how to puke in the bushes outside the dorm and not in the fucking elevator. 
she was sobbing drunk in the backseat about her dead cat and how the guy in the front seat didn't want to hook up with her 
There's three frat guys comparing how you were in bed. apparently you have gotten worse with time 
on a brighter note, the strip club found my atm card 
And then I interrupted the father of the groom, to ask if she was "ballet or pole" in the middle of his story about his niece, the dancer. 
Because its an amazing idea and you're the only one I can think of that will allow a pirate threesome 
you think she would figure it out that ever dude that fucks her is just doing it bc they are in a contest to bang the fattest girl 
Well, she opened the door to puke outside the car, but she threw it open so hard it popped back and hit her in the face. 
chlamydia ends and my period begins. this isnt real life 
I'm customer of the month for a 3rd time now at the Wine store. I've achieved so much in my life 
you made me have a moment of silence for the half of a sub sandwich that you dropped on the floor earlier 
you were on ground yelling about how close the floor was to your face. 
You made a "martini" bagel. Took a bagel dunked it in vodka and put olives in it 
So I'm probably the first guy in history to tap out of a blowjob. 
a guy tried paying for lapdances with cds, who uses those anymore? 
His parents had a bottle of captain morgan on the table for me when I went for dinner. I feel accepted 
I really couldn't tell if she was disgusted with the fact that I yacked on her shoes, or if she was about to do the same to me. 
My third nipple is alarmingly under-appreciated. 
He made fire alarm noises before throwing up all over the street. 
The last thing I remember is yelling "ill handle this" while wearing a lion suit and holding a jug of vodka when the RAs came 
I wonder if I could sublet my bathtub to anyone. 
So at what point do I tell her that I like fucking these hot southern girls more than I like my relationship with her? 
she kept her crown on the whole time i was giving her birthday sex 
i like him when i'm sober AND when i'm drunk.i've been searching for this my whole life 
New game: find the sober person in Tbell 
We're sending your burrito through the mail slot. 
Still drunk just puked in the meat cooler tried to clean it up with ham. Its not working 
She said that I needed to "pregame her so it can slip right in." 
my boss made my mugshot into an 'employee of the month' poster. 
You asked me to be the big spoon, when you passed out on the stairs 
You need to tell your booty call to take some sudafed or something. I swear I thought you were humping Kermit the frog last night 
So i closed my laptop as i started to fall off my bed and then i caught myself and realized that moment of catching myself is the difference between tuesday and friday. 
If she doesnt understand your inherent need to teabag an emo chick, do you really want to be with her? 
it's sad when i round the corner and the dog goes directly for the liquor store 
not to mention it took an hour of antique roadshow to calm my dick down 
Get everyone out of their dorms and watch 3 girls do the walk of shame from my room. 
Just found a "how to get laid" book on the dresser and am now a victim of method number 16 corollary 7. 
I really wanna punch him. Right in his cell-phone-sized penis 
look, i dont wanna be "that girl" but if someone offers me coke in exchange for sex, i cant say no. 
maybe next time you shouldn't be drinking alone watching intervention at 3 am and no one would think you needed an intervention. 
She's licking the seat belt now. Feeling a little uncomfortable 
Need to stop getting stoned with this chick, I keep waking up covered in pizza sauce 
You said you couldnt get the condom on but "its the thought that counts" 
Dude i was hungover i didnt know she was in the shower, she screamed i screamed we all screamed and i just so happend to piss in the shower. 
We asked "Is that Andy puking in the bushes, its 7 AM" he looks up and goes "It's okay guys, its 7:30" 
He puked at the bar then immediately procceded to slip in it, they loaded him up into a wheelchair, then the staff and myself walked him outside, all the while never having to pay for our tab. SO using this strategy again 
I've decided to turn your sobriety into a reason for me to be able to drink more. 
you threatened to puke on the table cause they didnt serve eggs Benedict 
she said 'i love fried rice', threw a condom at me and passed out naked. 
there were like 150 questions AFTER the application. you'd think for a store that has dick molding kits it'd be a joke 
i'm glad we've gotten to the point in our relationship where I can eat peach rings off your penis. 
I don't think blacking out in class is a good idea. But I'm game 
I love having a vagina, its like having the keys to a city 
I'm really proud of her, she waited until she was on tiled floor to start puking on the ground 
Like if god were to send me a cock shot, that's what it would look like. 
It was some time between the gurgles of her blowing me to us throwing up in the same bucket afterwards that I realized we would be doing this a lot. 
Well then I realized I had a bigger problem when I woke up a long board. 
he's listed in a fb relationship with a girl born in 1993. i'm too drunk to do the math on that one, but i am sober enough to know that's illegal 
you woke me up in the middle of the night to tell me you were taking off your pants and it was not an invitation. 
he called you a drunk bob the builder and you proceeded to explain how you were going to build ramps throughout the house 
yeah, and when i walked in on them fucking he said "go away, i'm making sons." 
yeah, and when i walked in on them fucking he said "go away, i'm making sons." 
Worst PDA I've ever seen. She even licked the mustard off his mustach 
you were leaning against the vending machine asking if there was a shower you could puke in. 
My life has become a never ending game of 'illegal or just frowned upon?' 
I don't know what he sees in her. All I see are horrible pancake nipples 
I'm sorry, but the way we fuck, they don't make condoms strong enough not to break 
Nothing like throwing up 1/2 price appatizers and 2 4 1 personal pitcher in uniform to remind myself what a succesful failure I am 
Yeah I tried to leave with 3 drinks and the bouncer wouldn't let me, I slammed all 3 right in front of him and football spiked them in the trash can 
I hope that he knows just because i pissed in his bed doesn't mean were together. 
He walked me home last night across campus while i fed him pasta out of a solo cup at 3 am. 
Even my Russian and Serbian roommates think I drink to much. 
The only word I understood in that whole setence was semen. 
Imagine a baby lion feeding on an injured gazelle and it tasting fresh blood for the first time. That's me and this breakfast sammich 
she said "the two best ways to sober up are to nurse someone or give a blowjob" and im gonna go along with it. 
I'm partying with my neighbors right now, and by "with my neighbors" I mean they are partying in their backyard and I'm partying in mine, and by "partying" I mean I'm sitting here alone drinking tequila. 
its not college until your roomate walks in on you having sex in his bed. twice 
Oh my god my life; so much cake and so little sex 
That's like rubbing a penis in my face and not giving it to me. 
Dude, she literally stopped, mid fuck said "I want soup" got off my dick and make top ramen. 
you made sure to tell everyone that the amount of people you had slept with was actually quite low, especially when the size of your breasts was taken into account 
I feel as though I could trust her, I mean she did tell me she was married before we had sex. 
the towel caught on fire outside the hottub but we were all too stoned to care 
She washed lettuce and peppers in the shower and proceeded to make a salad 
Within 5 minutes of max walking in his pants were off and he was wearing my snow goggles as underwear. 
I took a shit in your bathtub. Nothings off limits 
Some ambulance just rolled up to this bar and this girl just hops out of the back and walks inside 
It ended with me crying and eating pizza in my closet. 
I'm so proud of your ability to turn my Charlie horse last night into anal sex. 
I just want you to know that i just realized your the only friend i dont feel fat around. 
we marched down beaver avenue with lit tiki torches humming the olympics opening song. 
people who like being in relationships make me feel bad about myself. 
fuck. I just remembered I agreed to let you finger me last night for solely for "scientific purposes" 
when i spit it made a heart shape. i think it's a sign 
So if we break up over this are you still gonna come over and do my dishes? 
Writing a love song to planned parenthood. what rhymes with "don't have AIDS" 
I know i should have focused more on what you were saying in the text rather than the fact you spelt "suicidal" wrong 
My own vomit just splashed me in the face. How's your day going 
I'm paying a homeless guy $20 to follow me around bars tonight with a boombox playing the theme to Rocky. 
Had to have a serious talk with my liver and remind it that it is my birthday weekend and there are three more nights like last night ahead of us 
This guy at the party just introduced himself to me as "the guy who sat behind you on a plane last year" 
Yeah it was hard to find an opportunity while fucking him to say "oh the reason my lips taste so salty is because i blew your roomate 15 minutes ago" 
My complete lack of self respect has really improved my blow job technique 
My favorite part was walking in the bathroom, you fixing yourself in the mirror, calling your reflection a fag, then throwing a haymaker into the paper towel dispenser before going back out to the bar. 
My favorite part was walking in the bathroom, you fixing yourself in the mirror, calling your reflection a fag, then throwing a haymaker into the paper towel dispenser before going back out to the bar. 
He needs to realize that there's a big difference between "I love you" and "I love your dick" 
found out the liquor store price matches. thus begins senior year of college 
apparently i was just sitting there with my shirt down holding my boobs saying "its ok. its all gonna be ok" 
I don't know how it happened, one minute we were talking about Huck Finn, the next minute I was blowing him behind the corner of his apartment building. 
Well, I'm eating cake, watching wedding videos of people I don't know, and crying. Clearly I'm a vision of mental health today 
Worst hangover of my career vs the return of the blue balls. Will keep updated 
I don't know what you drank last night but you really enjoyed the 4 egg body shots. 
i have rugburns grass stains and some road rash. im an all terrain slut 
shes a 6ft ginger. she brings nothing to the table except for awkwardness 
I'm going to make him fall in love with me one blow job at a time. 
you were passed out snoring, face down with all your clothes still on and 20 minutes later you sat up and said "FUCK YES" and then passed out again. 
What I wanna know is who took a picture eiffel towering her? 
Just wanted to remind you that you literally cut the underwear off a man. 
I woke up to him eating me out, listening to classical music. 
We can't all go after the girl with the low self-esteem 
Okay my swimming class is like the fatass/diabetic guide to losing 2 pounds by christmas 
Did you ask last night's taxi driver about his penis hygiene? 
facebook friend requested him the morning after while he was still asleep in my bed, a whole new level of creeper even for me 
this is really not the time to pretend we have morals 
Stripper told me "sorry i'm not squezing my tits in your face much, I just had a kid and don't want to squirt you in the eye with milk. " in the middle of my lap dance 
My girlfriend was pissed, so if I had to guess, i'd say I had a GREAT time last night 
Why did you put hummus in my pillow case? 
So he told me he didn't have a condom, paused, and then said "so, pulling out" and tried to high five me. 
Do you think the party boat will still go out if there is a hurricane? 
You're just mad at the fact that I want to be a car alarm. 
It's only slutty when someone else does it. It's okay if it's us though 
If I come over right now will you promise to distract your grandpa in the morning so I don't have to do the walk if shame with 1940's style judgement? 
when the police officer said he was gonna take a picture of the car accident, you asked if you should pose on the hood 
No, i know about the eggs and penis, the oh wow was for the fire 
I fucked her while she was wearing her boyfriends dogtags. I'm officially a bad american 
Bartending School is so much more enjoyable now that I realized I was in rehab at this time last year. 
seriously who else gets carried home puking from a fucking mary kay party? 
The guy in 209 is masturbating with the door cracked again 
You'll be happy to know that I did indeed fracture my rib in a sex related injury 
He told me all about his plan for proposing to his girlfriend as pillow talk. 
If it wasn't obvious enough to the cops that she was drunk, she threw in, "I like the colors of the lights because it makes purple." 
You were passed out on the chair and when I asked you if you were okay you looked up and said "I'm fine, I was just pretending for a picture" then passed out again. 
I really hope he dies in a tragic kegstand mishap 
Sign #1 that I'm not ready to be a mother: I'm shopping for "maternity fishnets". 
Sign #1 that I'm not ready to be a mother: I'm shopping for "maternity fishnets". 
It's not my fault I help girls realize they're lesbians. 
Can you explain my first weekend back, because there a lot of blacked out gaps and 32 friend requests i would like to know about 
Were making a bet for which twin will relapse while in rehab. I'm going for the chubbier one 
we did rock-paper-scissors to see who would find out if you had alcohol poisoning 
You took a fire extinguisher off the wall in the hallway to play Ghostbusters. 
If one more "stranger" walks up to me at the bar and asks how I have been, I am going to rehab. 
I got to the point where it seemed like she had 8 giant breasts instead of just two 
bad decision 37: pregaming the antique store 
Obama is so hot when he ends wars. 
This kid is too lonely to be my drug dealer. 
She came in to my room half naked at 3am asking me if I had seen the movie balls deep 7 
whenever he goes down on me he looks at me and I just want to poke him in the eyes 
I feel like a great embryo-shaped weight has been lifted off my shoulders. 
Thanks for FaceTime'ing with that ugly chick last night while me and her friend were in the other room. it's good to know I can still count on my wingman even when we're 2000 miles apart 
Once I saw his penis, I knew I made the right choice 
her cat was choking so she kept trying to stick her finger in her cat's mouth while saying "it's okay kitty, just do what mommy does" 
For future references, orgasms clear sinuses. 
my mom sold the house because of the grow room the couple saw i had in the basement. 
If i apologize for punching you in the liver repeatedly will you explain where the grass stains on my shoulders came from? 
MCAT status: Day 64, no longer can remember what sex is like. 
Girl next to me in class just said to her friend "and I haven't even cried yet." Challenge accepted 
Apparently I fed my Plan B to my turtle last night. 
Nothing says I've got my life together like buying a jumbo bottle of 7$ wine in sweat pants on a monday night 
She fell asleep on the sidewalk and people starting using her as a hurdle 
And by that I mean I told her the plot of the first batman movie as my life and it took her like 20 minutes to figure it out 
The saltiness of my tears mix perfectly with the tequila. 
I really wish you were half the slut you're sister was in college 
After he told me that it's up to him to carry on his family name, I almost felt bad for not letting him cum inside me. 
No one wears that much makeup to work unless they are trying to fuck their boss, NO ONE 
he climbed up to our party on the 2nd floor balcony and then pulled a glass mug and a beer from his knapsack. these freshmen are intense 
The fact that I am sitting home writing a resume while you're out inducing vomiting makes me feel like way more of an adult than I'm ready to be. 
Always fun waking up to 911 as your last dialed call. 
she refused to get out of the dog cage till we sang "be our guest" to her. 
And just when I was about to fall asleep, he hit me in the face, and claimed he's a "violent sleeper". 
She threw up on me during morning sex and now Im pretty sure I just saw a woman die at 7-eleven. This is way too much for a Monday morning 
I'm quite proud of this turning point from one night stands to giving some guy a BJ to fix my car for free. 
Why wouldn't u just let me ride the washing machine 
I can hear my liver begging me not to go out tonight 
"Guy Time" translaed into 10 shots apiece and me waking up covered in my own blood. 
They normally just get fucked up and see who can hold their hand on the exhaust the longest. It's great 
Pretty sure I saw a dude across the room give this girl the international hand gesture for "I'm going to fist you later", she seemed ok with it. 
She always manages to outslut me. I can't keep up 
and you're not allowed to put a penis in you if it's attached to a 26 year old who works at blockbuster 
throwing condoms aimed at his crotch probably isn't the politest way to ask for sex 
At what point in my life was I not hugged enough to be on my fourth walk of shame in half as many weeks? 
And then I saw the naval officer and gave up that whole new leaf thing 
if you really think there are plastic pots safe for the stove i fear for your future landlords. 
the liquor store owner came out from behind the counter and kissed my cheek when he saw that i am back for fall semester 
We started hooking up and a group of freshmen outside my window started chanting my name. Encouraging yet distracting 
Welll when you have a beer at 8:30 am you've already decided whaat kind of Sunday it ism 
You're breaking my vagina 4 times a day I reserve the right to know your middle name. 
nothing says new school year like ambulances and police road blocks. 
Law school is ruining my masturbation schedule. 
Just passed a guy passed out on a riding lawn mower in his front yard. 
Things found in my vomit last night: cell phone, Von Hayes rookie card, a boot, my dignity 
okay, I promise to stop paying strippers to hit you 
You tried to poop in the sink last night. 
she was laying naked in the stream looking for "ribbays", which is apparently drunk for frogs. 
I wish straight boys touched me the way gay boys do. 
there's unknown territories my dick was not made to discover 
Would it help you get over me if I told you that I had unprotected sex last night? 
I'm too hungover to be in a fucking cow suit right now 
Giving me the bigger bowl of ramen isn't considered "romantic" 
i woke up in his bed to a "teach your baby to read" infomercial. i pray to GOD that's not a sign 
Being a slut is okay if you're being a polite slut, right? 
You made eat vitamins until I threw up 
our night together was a product of my beer goggles and jennifer aniston-like desperation. 
I woke up this morning to my phone notebook open and written was "reasons why I'm a whore in chronological order" then it listed everybody I've had sex with in the past five months. 
This kind of poor decision making requires a real cup, not a mason jar. 
It only takes once for you to drunkly piss on a chick for her to lose interest in you. 
The freshman sure do fuck up the whataburger line at 2am 
i like how i just referred to his pregnant wife as the "other" melissa and you didn't even judge me. 
nothing like Chinese food and masturbating on a Saturday night 
I can't believe we just used the phrase "jizz to juice ratio" in casual conversation. 
Mass Text: Free blowjob to first person to bring me a nacho cheese chalupa. 
you were mass sexting so we took your phone away 
It would be been irresponsible not to make cleaning the apartment into a drinking game 
You were yelling at the cops across the street saying they were at the wrong party 
and on the fourth day, god made foam parties. 
I'm hoping you can explain why I woke up with what I believe is pumpkin pie all over my body 
Should I feel bad that I fucked her and made her ride my little brothers razor scooter home? 
bikini waxes are so much more painful when you know you're not getting laid 
You wrote me a letter and I cannot make out anything you wrote except the last sentence which says "tell the wolf ill meet him at sunset and that I'm sorrry" 
the crazy preacher outside Willard just began a monologue that began with "when i look at a vagina." We should stop by there more often 
I never had a problem I couldn't slut my way out of. 
I've officially decided that whoever created hate sex should be on my christmas card list. 
Well he's not a stripper, so we're already doing better than my last date. 
you made your own hammock out of a towel and duct tape. 
btw i have an angry voicemail of you yelling at me to get you a sandwich or die. 
You were spitting chewed up pretzle into my hands telling me to hold it for you. 
Dude i think i got lasagna in my eye 
the only human I can compare her to is rosie o'donnell. 
You asked my mom "who the fuck drives four hours to sleep in a guys bed and not touch his penis" 
Just because we buy weed together doesn't mean were a couple 
can we change the rule from "no one is ugly after 2 am" to 1130 so i can justify last night 
I literally need to be slapped with another cock just to notice it. 
hooking up with my manager sounds like an even better idea while i'm sober. 
Correct me if I'm wrong but the photo album titles "cause I've been drankin" and "baby jessica" should not belong to the same person. 
then mid-sex he looked at me and said "i hope this is as good for you as it is for me" and kept going. 
you tipped EVERY employee at white castle 
you know by doing this we are using dad as a drug mule right? 
he came on my stomach, took his sock off, wiped it up, put his sock back on along with his shoes and left. 
I've really got to stop smuggling half full bottles of beer out of bars in my purse. 
Awkward interaction of the day: Staring at some guy trying out if he is or is not the guy that woke me up yesterday by getting arrested in front of my apartment. 
I woke up with a solved rubics cube in my purse 
There are bud lights poping out of the zipper of my overnight bag and my dildo almost fell out in the elevator. not professional 
it's kind of slutty but what the hell, so are we 
He kept singing "who's that peekin in my window" we thought he was high til we realized someone was lookin in the windows. 
I just made Jack Daniels snow cones. 
He poured syrup on all those broken dishes because "syrup is magical, and by the time we wake up, they'll be fixed." 
it's official, i know exactly what cross streets we're at by the bumps when i give him road head 
Do you think we're allowed to sign male strippers into the building with a valid id? 
So you actually don't remember giving head to the Neil Armstrong statue last night? 
the fact that i fell through a skylight is the least humiliating part of the night 
Does Vicodin go better with white or red wine? 
Found her in the closet eating mayo out of the jar with a knife 
How could you not be happy? Its like "and then I found 5 dollars" but "and then I found a handle of vodka" 
were trying to schedule when i can give him head in between classes. 
If I have to go to the hospital can we stop by the liquor store on the way? 
its barely noon and he already threw up and i have second degree burn 
There is too much vodka and too much dick. 
Ya know, in a round about way coinstar is just a glorified vending machine for all my bad choices. 
how did he go about obtaining bull sperm? 
You kept screaming "Its taco night!" before every shot 
as they left, you opened the door, dropped your pants then yelled "don't leave, this is what you're missing" 
Nah it's cool, I made him pinky promise me he wouldn't die if I left him passed out in the bathroom. 
hey you sure the big one didn't have a penis she left the seat up 
im just glad that if you were going to have awkward hospital sex, you would want it with me 
omg. if hes just gonna get mad everytime i have sex with one of his "friends" then it was never gonna work out 
I appreciate the offer. Swallowing pride is much like swallowing cum, difficult and unpleasant 
They should try giving mcdonalds to cancer patients because it just cured the worst hangover ive ever had 
She stopped mid-blowjob to introduce herself to us 
I want you to come here and listen to her climax and then tell me how funny you think it is. 
i lnow ive slrrwsdy teted you this. but goddamn girl on tv is a good song 
you tried to pee on a squirrel and everyone saw. you've got some serious untagging to do 
There are 3 pics of me on my camera, naked, wearing only an apron, scooping ice cream. 
I keep having to talk dad out of putting tequila in the milkshakes. 
After we fucked, her eye wouldn't stopped twitching and she could only move her hand, which she used to put her number in my phone 
I'm walking down the street with a Starbucks in one hand and a flask in the other. People seem to have a staring problem 
first day of class and my professor asked me if i was going to come to class drunk all semester. 
i can barely draw a stick figure let alone shave a heart into my pubes 
you just kept yelling NO BUENO SENOR at the cashier and throwing coins at him, of course you were going to get kicked out of the grocery store 
Things got a little weird when he fired up his homemade flamethrower in the living room. 
Drunk off five beers on a Tuesday. I'm not sure which part of that statement is more sad 
At least drunk you showered before switching sex partners last night. 
I think its only fitting my first purchase with my student loan is a glass pipe? I think ill name it 'Subsidized' 
i'm not the one sitting naked in my room playing with my boobs and a cat. 
im not sure if this headache is from the car accident or cocaine withdrawl 
you were passed out in your cheese fries by the time he brought out your second order of french toast. 
My aunt totally just drunk dialed me when i was super stoned, it was so intense 
I feel like a really awesome person when i have to check my roof for things i've lost 
HOW DID U BEAT A GAY GUY IN GAY CHICKEN? 
You tried to get the stranger on the sea bus to give you a bite of his chicken sub by repeating over and over "im in a girl band" 
Why is your signature on my underwear? 
all i could think was her face looked like a farm accident 
Well i have to fuck at least one of your roommates this year to keep the tradition alive. 
You couldve had sex with 2 drunk chicks on an alligator slide. 
Some kid just walked into class with his schedlue written on a keystone box. 
It just feels wrong masturbating with my neighbor's cat in my apartment 
Someone changed my text signature to "Also, I think I might be gay" last night. Also, I think I might be gay 
You're the only person i know who can laugh and talk while puking 
shouldve known this week was gonna be bad when I threw up in my coffee mug 
then you gave the doctors and nurses bloody high fives 
because you can't take the autistic girl you're babysitting on a blunt ride. 
I really need to stop coming home drunk and lint rolling my rabbit. 
I wouldn't accept the money so he folded the $20 bill into an origami puppy and left a note saying "Not blowjob money" 
I swear every time I make the effort to make my hair look nice, someone jizzes in it. 
I mean I knew we were putting on quite a show but I didnt realize HOW good until I woke up and 4 people were passed out with their ears to the bedroom door. 
someone wrote "the short drunk lives here" on our door. i already have a reputation 
At what point did we agree that playing bocchi ball on the way to the liquor store was a good idea? 
It's my fault there's ramen coiled around his penis. 
I am getting my wife a tattoo just above her butthole that says, "For entry just add tequila." 
I think i can make this amish girl legitimately hot. 
You had me at "you have a nicer rack then her" 
Two hours into move in day and the ambulance is here already. 
If he starts "inventing" things cut him off. The last thing he invented was chocolate chip green beans and he destroyed my kitchen 
Dude totally calling you out on watching when harry met sally on netflix on demand on april 8th. 
I dont care how high you are, meat and sprinkles dont mix dude 
it's all just a bunch of faces and i remember what the floor looked like. 
Between cock and motorcycle I'm glad I don't have to sit at work tomorrow 
Two grown ass men just come into the bar riding humongous tricyles 
That fucking fat Asian kid that NOBODY invited is stuck in the dryer again 
God I love babysitting. They pay me $10 an hour to watch movies and sext 
the spit in my mouth is still 99&#37; not mine. 
His band may suck, but it's not like I'm sleeping with all of them. 
This wouldn't happen so much if fat girls would just stop being so damn easy. 
We've shared an experience, my friend. I, too, have talked on the phone with a parent while giving a handjob 
I want you to tape your fingers together and give me a lobster claw hand job. 
She was having a seizure right in front of you, and you asked, "So there's no more donuts?" 
I asked my mom if I was the drunkest one in the room. With 8 days till I go back to school, I couldn't care less about being shitfaced at a baptism 
i don't understand how she was down there for so long, she's like a mermaid, a blowjob giving mermaid. 
She better not be too drunk to operate a blowtorch 
he opened the microwave and beer cans poured out 
youre just mad i got the high score on the breathalyzer 
She keeps referring to it as an "us" Either she is seriously mistaken on what fuck buddies are or she learned another meaning of the word "us" 
The extent of my physical activity is running from the cops. 
Robbie told me you spent 10 mins discussing the curl in his hair and that you said "with that curl in your hair, you'll go far" 
ENDLESS SCROLLING ON TUMBLR WAS MADE FOR HIGH PEOPLE! 
There I was staring at a teeny weeny black one and a huge white one. It was like an episode of Myth Busters 
I threw a jar of pickles out the window at a police car, why was that not a good enough reason to put me to bed? 
I threw a jar of pickles out the window at a police car, why was that not a good enough reason to put me to bed? 
well, 500 bucks doesn't grown on trees, and i need that bear suit for any chance of vagina access. 
The National Anthem was on so I had to have a beer 
We raised our shot glasses and you screamed out "TO MY DAD FINALLY GOING TO REHAB!" 
i think its awesome that according to your mom i'm your friend that caught on fire. 
I have absolutely nothing sober to say to you. 
you spent the night getting lap dances from a stripper with a c-section scar then ended up at a one room casino by the airport and you say you're too good to blaze and see pirahna 3d? bullshit 
yeah come on over we're just pre gaming for the grocery store 
Just spent a extra 20 minutes on the phone with the lady from unemployment talking about how to make the best brownies. 
all of his pictures were taken on a library computer, how did you even consider fucking him? 
remind me in the morning to get the random kid out of the closet and to clean the pudding off the wall 
I take back everything I said about communal showers 
your brother is wearing shin guards in the swimming pool. i have a feeling that this happens often 
All I could understand from his text was "hatchet" "soccer" &amp; "bitch". its safe to say andy has had enough to drink &amp; will be violent soon 
I made the bartender pinky promise me there was still vodka in my drinks. 
I still think it's messed up that you're naming your kids after all the guys you slept with in college 
i know im back at school when i can poke any random spot on my body and expect a 80&#37; chance that theres a bruise there 
Banging bitches in a bar bathroom is not legit as it was in college, there are no fistpumps afterward only shame 
i just wanna lock my vagina in a safe filled with bandaids and healthy things 
I pulled down his boxers and a 20 dollar bill fell out. I'm telling you, the blowjob fairy EXISTS 
the cool security guard showed me the video clip of how i sat criss-cross-applesauce on the elevator for 20 minutes last night 
I finally won that bet on when the anorexic girl would pass out at the gym. You owe me 10 now 
well as my mentor always said, "Don't antagonize the man whose penis gives you multiple orgasms." 
you're close to getting here right? Because if you're still not here and I have to get dressed to answer the door for the pizza guy, i'm tipping him $100 on your credit card to spite you 
he went down on me with a nose plug on, you tell me how it went 
You mean 'full wolf form' wasn't a drunk text? 
The last thing I remember is funneling tequila out of a pink noodle. 
After she came with my hands around her neck, she sat there for a minute and gave me the scuba diving sign for a-ok. 
I imagine anything that isn't a dilldo attached to a jackhammer, powered by a generator won't be amazing enough for you 
He tried to say "god bless your heart" to the stripper but it came out "god bless your pussy" 
I think it might be brain cancer. Hangovers can't be this bad 
The story about him having a girlfriend changed real fast when he found out that I was a gymnast 
I found a wheel chair. there is now a high chance im going to be fired from this job 
I got you a housewarming gift. It starts with "A" and ends with "bottle of Jameson" 
well isn't that the pot calling the kettle a make out whore 
nothing like morning wood sex at 4pm. funemployment ftw 
I took both his daughters virginities. There's no way he won't give me a job 
I think I'm on the verge of a really slutty period in my life 
we're going to dress like we're asking for it, because we are 
i leave for school in 3 days. if you want your annual goodbye blow job you should probably call me 
I'm drinkin whiskey outta the bottle trying to earn the trust of some ducks in the yard 
i should probably find things i have in common with someone besides drinking, before having sex with them 
Is it obsessive that I keep picking my crazy sex rug burn scab so it leaves a scar I can remember him by? 
if i actually bought condoms for every time i had sex, i could single handedly fix the economy 
We started playin just the tip, then shit got crazy 
my mom said i couldn't bring cigarettes cause it was a family trip, which was really irresponsible of her because now i have to walk around the beach drunk trying to find someone with cigarettes. 
well he has a gf so if he picks me up tonight i'll only him finger me 
OMG A WOMANS PROSTETIC ARM JUST FELL OFF AT BAGGAGE CLAIM 
stripped for him at 3am on my childhood playground and used the swing set as a pole. 
I want Paula Dean to narrate shark week next year 
i think i'd rather have a trophy of a like jizz stained curtain or something 
As weird as that was it was probably the best advice i've ever gotten from a tranny 
A guy in a sombrero stopped to take a picture with me sitting on the curb. 
I didn't think it was possible but there may actually be TOO MANY pictures of me tagged shotgunning. 
I worked with a girl tonight that recognized me solely from a keg stand she witnessed me do sophmore year. Needless to say this made my night 
If I send you a picture of the guy passed out in the bath tub, will u be able to identify him? 
What's the appropriateness of putting a 50 cent lyric in my gmas eulogy? 
If the blowjob was before the wedding, we're not technically related, right? 
moving back to school this early was a terrible idea we already used up our bail fund 
The sweet smell of jungle juice and bad decisions is calling our name. 
I don't care if the man pisses on teenage girls, he's enchanting. 
Thank you blackberry messenger, for giving me a way to sext faster and more efficiently 
I need to stop taking drags of other peoples cigarettes, it's such a tease. Like playing just the tip, you just can't 
I think I've hugged the toilet more times than I've hugged my own family members. 
We'll probably be arrested for having a cheetah in our apartment anyway, so I say go for it. 
sometimes i wish i was a boob, they get to chill in soft and cuddly little cup things. 
Because the last time i saw or spoke to him he came all over me in a hammock. 
it's great music for shaving your balls 
So apparently I shook her hand very polite, said weiner and walked away 
no they seem fine, they're doing push ups and waiting for a charging toy helicopter 
Uh, also, Rob told me he felt bad for choking you. 
I'm starting to have hip problems from having my legs spread too often. 
His appology was" look at it this way, at least you'll give better head without those teeth.' 
just remind me when i get fired soon that august is the month i started pregaming work 
How do you say "I'm not pregnant in Spanish?" 
it's pretty bad when you go in bed bath and beyond and recognize 6 different bed spreads you've had sex on 
The bartender laughed but the manager kicked me out when the mom conplained. There's no way my fart harmed that baby in any way 
You're just telling me nice things because you came in my eye. 
It hit me after I slept with his best friends and brother, that maybe I took it a bit far 
i realized really quickly that drinking a bottle of vodka and 3 crystal light packets wasn't the best idea i've ever had 
This beer is not sobering me up at all 
I was under the impression that I sent actual words. turns out it was a series of letters and question marks on a side note we still had sex 
She is two pictures of justin bieber away from being blocked from my news feed 
I woke up at 6 on his trampoline wearing only a parka. 
We went into lab today and when no one was looking i touched our cadaver's penis! 
it was like a zeppelin in a condom 
I now realize that they made gum to take the taste of dick out of your mouth. 
you kept insisting that i was jake gyllenhaal and you were heath ledger. 
She asked if my windows were tinted enough for road head. 
He deserves to hear about your Vagina Shrooms 
My vagina just recognized that song. 
we cant have a funnel and a dog. thats a lot of responsibility 
That's saying a lot from the girl who takes her liquor with her to the library 
I noticed when you had too much when you were yelling "HOE-HAVE-A-SEAT" to his cat. 
I'm sorry for coming into your work place and trying to smuggle you out in my purse. 
i need you to babysit me first week back at school. havent had tequila, adderal, or sex w randoms in 3 months 
All he was doing was sitting in the car, staring. We asked him what was wrong and he just turned, smiled, and said "everything has its own pair of boots" 
he's from indiana, of course he's clueless about "g-spots" 
I need to stop fucking people before I get to know them 
so exactly what does one wear to an abortion clinic? 
Then she opened the door and pitched the dead squirrel out, yelling "TELL THE OTHERS WHAT YOU SAW" 
judging by the pasta sauce and dirty pans i spent my blackout being emeril 
It's like there's a party and my mouth and everyone's throwing up 
I can practically hear my vag and my conscience fighting. 
Telling me its the beginning of school is like telling me the crown royal fairy has come back from vacation. 
Ps if we're still living vicariously through each other, you had sex on a beach last night 
I just past a guy who was biking and double fisting wit glass beer bottles. That is what i call talent 
To be honest I don't know what's worse, the fact that I interupted their shower sex or the fact that I was so drunk I used the adjoining stall anyway 
He told me the hand job I gave him this morning was "lovely". 
So does it count as really great road-head if he ran over 3 mailboxes before realizing he was off the road? 
I truly believe that the solid foundation of any healthy relationship is a drunken one night stand so I can just get all the nasty shit out on the table 
oh great, iTunes now thinks im gay. 
I'd like to say he was whispering sweet nothings into my ear all night but really he was just whispering "pussyyy" 
I just hotboxed my laundry basket. 
How much time is enough between masturbating and watching little bear? 
I knew she was going to get knocked up just by looking at her facebook pics 
FYI angry masturbation is not as cool angry sex 
It wasn't until i was on my knees with three dicks in my face that i thought it might be a bad idea 
My last google search was "mavis beacon techs tping" Thank god google auto corrects bc otherwise i wouldn't know that i drunk-type 13 words a minute. 
I didn't think moms care packages could get better than greygoose, weed &amp; double stuffed oreos, but she just snet me a chocolate bar full of mushrooms. 
Life lesson learned last night, if you are too drunk to use the atm leave the strip club 
We'll both be dead in approximately 72-96 hours, with you bringing your liver out of retirement again, Favre. 
the only reason i invite her is so when the guys start to hit on her i know it's time to take their keys 
I need a $60 an hour job, because I have a $50 an hour drinking habit. 
Once again there IS no outside bathroom. Never has been, that is the balcony 
he had his head down and said he was listening for the buffalo, he had to still be drunk. 
dude literally just took me 4 trips to take out the recycling from last night. we need to have parties like this more often 
i feel like his penis is a security blanet. i cant fall asleep unless its in my hand 
I'm 99&#37; sure I high fived a girl over mashed potatoes last night 
i was surprised by the severity of his small dick condition 
He couldn't say anything coherently but shot off a perfectly timed "that's what she said" when michelle said he'd have to ride in the trunk because she didn't have enough room up front. 
she tossed me in the back of the car and said "god gave u the gift of life and I wanna swallow it" 
After giving the pizza guy directions you told him to look for the big stupid looking kid outside in purple 
She said my main job as maid of honor is to ensure the groom doesn't find out that each of his seven groomsmen has had his penis inside her. 
She paints her nails the color of the sheets of the last guy she slept with 
I was more traumatized by the table collapsing while i was going down on you. 
I have no idea how to attract men with my personality anymore. He can't see my tits via facebook chat 
There are walks of shame and then there are walks of what the hell is wrong with you. 
They live so far away from me that not fucking them both would have been financially irresponsible 
i was actually impressed that she managed to throw up underwater while scuba diving 
Very hungover, bought a newspaper and found my shorts from last night in the machine. 
Places you have drunkenly threatened to piss: my bed, my bros bed, my moms bed, my bros wedding 
I swiped a lunchable and a gatorade from my one night stand's fridge, does it count as a date now since a meal was included? 
apparently he couldn't remember my name so he refereed to me as whats-her-boobs and everyone knew that it was me he was talking about 
i officially have more pictures of his dick than pictures of us together 
at what point did putting a bag of doritos in the freezer seem like a really good idea? 
drunk lawn darts. Let's test the homeowners policy 
The amount of pregnancy tests I've taken in my life is unhealthy 
Its a good thing the lights were off cuz Im pretty sure the look on my face when I touched his penis would have offended him 
There's nothing worse than waking up naked on the beach covered in sand and a family walking by. 
Like if I don't roll around in my puke, the night will be a failure. 
i was staring at it trying to desperately see a vagina 
She agreed that we could have sex whenever I wanted and I could let someone else meet my mom. 
I feel if a girl leaves my house the next morning feeling degraded and in desparate need of a shower, then I have succeeded. 
I briefly wondered why they weren't in school, but after the tinier one shouted "check out dem titties!" I had my answer 
He walked into the party with a case on one shoulder and a boom box on the other of course I fucked him 
I just saw a guy getting escorted with handcuffs on, I'm too drunk to be at the airport right now. 
my fraternity brothers just had an intervention for me. i either have a problem or am just on some next-level shit, im gonna go with door number 2 
i love that you felt the need to clarify that you don't actually have drugs in your vagina. 
It took us hanging out like four times to kiss. Id like to fuck you before I'm 30 
I don't know why I've never thought to take my bong into the bathtub before. 
you have a cum towel under your bed, you're the definition of single 
What if we had a smart house and we could just say "baked" and it would rain donuts? 
i walked toward the cop car thinking it was the liquor store lights nd by that time it was too late to escape the trap 
hey as creepy as this sounds i still have your eyelashes on my desk 
There is something depressing about eating toast in a dark living room by myself using a paper plate that says: "Let's Party!" 
looking back, maybe 11 flaming dr peppers was a little extreme 
she found me naked passed out on the toilet and i just kept repeating "i'm like elvis, but not dead." 
if tampons were more like dildos the world would be a better place 
My dinner guests were so drunk they never realized that I inadvertantly put Frosted Mini Wheats on the salad instead of crutons. 
i wrote down the address for planned parenthood on the back of the receipt for the condom that broke 
Only you can can turn Jenga into a drinking and then a sex game. 
I swear if his heart was half the size of the cum stains he's left on my sheets we would have the perfect relationship 
I thought about farting is his face when he was going down on me last nite. 
Hangovers were designed by God when he decided that so far he had taken it WAY TOO EASY on me. 
i'm glad we're now at the level of friendship where we can comfortably discuss the quality of our shit 
Absence makes the cock grow harder. 
I bet you think you're really funny for switching my line of coke with a line of protein powder. 
I shouldn't have had sex with her. I feel that I may have opened a pandora's vagina 
i came on her dog 
I understand that I gave you a nose bleed with a cheeto last night and for that I apologize 
I thought we agreed, no more super glueing action figures to my dick 
She threw her promise ring on the ground, that's when the freak came out. 
My balls had bee stings let's just leave it at that. 
im laying here in the parking lot drinking a warm coke, prob still drunk, feeling like i need to apologize to everyone i know 
just got invited to smoke a bowl by a guy who has a prostetic leg and has been on the jerry springer show multiple times. I love my life right now 
You unbuttoned your shirt and started walking down the center of the road screaming traffic stops for Enrique Iglesias. 
I just paid a homeless man $20 for the dragon ball Z shirt he was wearing. I need to stop drinking 
this guy had a colored tattoo of Chucky on his leg, whatever drugs he does, i want them 
she pinky promised me she was 18 
Do you think my parents will accept my drinking habits more if I told them I like to drink every night because I take good shits the next morning? 
So tasty. Tasty like a vagina with ninjas in it 
You really need to tell him that he has a girlfriend. I'm not sure he knows 
You know there's only so much I can do with a great personality. 
Do you not remember you showing everyone in the bathroom your period stained underwear? I'd say you were pretty happy it came 
The view from the bathroom floor this morning is fabulous 
I wish they had an "I'm Stoned" genre on online Netflix 
you handed the cop a condom last night and said "it's all about protect and serve right?" 
I've broken several federal laws in the name of sex. 
had to bail. she had her cat tattooed on her 
I hope his life after cheating on me is as good as Tiger's golf game is these days. 
is it pathetic that I think he's cheating and it doesn't bother me because for the first time I'm the girlfriend and not the other girl? 
I ended up giving him head, i think it was mostly a defensive move so that he wouldn't discover i was wearing those onesy spanx 
i feel like verizon should give a sexter of the month award 
i told her she would have to blow me everytime we lost a game of beer pong, she never noticed i purposely hit our opponents in the face every other shot 
she just took adderol and chased it w dog water 
Blood drive hookups: you will probably faint during the sex, but at least you know neither of you has AIDS 
God you better not be texting me after just having sex with someone from craigslist 
I don't remember much but I know I looked hot. 
I feel like none of my dresses scream slut the way I'd like them to 
Just heard a guy on the phone saying " ya ill buy the eight ball " then came to my register to ask what asile the sugar substitute is on. 
I was on my way at Dorito Smoothie 
You know you're on day 1 of your period when the new mcdonalds commercial makes you cry 
there is mayo everywhere what the fuckkkk 
We should probably just have a threeway and get everyone on the same page. 
Question: Would it be wrong to just fuck both of them and decide who to date one performance of their cocks? 
You were peeing on yourself thinking it was the sprinkler in your yard 
CAUTION: TWINS DO NOT HAVE TWIN PENISES. 
He came in asked for the bathroom and came out 10 minutes later dripping wet took his redbull and left. 
God, you're like boner-b-gone 
drunk tastebuds have low standards. 
i felt obligated to tell him happy birthday since we trashed his house and i fucked his friend in his basement 
I guess you don't remember pouring tequila in the dog bowl and slurping it. 
So am I a slut for not remembering his name after sex last night or not recognizing him in the cafe today after he told me who he was? 
He was such a tease, he pulled out his dick, let me touch it then put it away 
I'm not sure, but I think she had a tampon in when we fucked 
I like that most of our conversations somehow end in us having sex for the good of our country 
Would you like me to write a persuasive essay on how you should let me suck your dick? 
Any parent would be proud to have a daughter that's a blowjob fairy 
I think it is impossible 2 take a person seriously when their last name is Pancake 
She's like the pied piper of lesbians. 
so apparently i worked out for over an hour last night. drinking is the only way i will ever get anything done 
But I always wanted my obit to read "Died violently in casino orgy," not "Never woke up from rectal surgery." 
I dont think punching her boob is the type of reverse psychology that will get her to blow you. 
tell me how i ended up in the movie theater alone with a bottle of smirnoff and a bendy straw. 
her facebook pictures are like a timeline of all the guys she's screwed. 
theres a difference between trying to make someone happy and letting them fuck you in the ass 
Just when you think you're never going to have sex again, BOOM you're naked in bed with a guatemalan 
It's summer and yet I still can't have one library session w/o seeing someone who has had their penis in me. 
I feel like I've been slapped by Gods icy cold dick of vengeance. 
If there was a game called "keeping your legs shut," I would lose every time. 
it was literally the size of a crayloa marker. i didnt know what to do with it so i just sat there 
those 9 inches of man changed my life forever. 
After what u did to that bathroom I think the $30 and the "sorry I'm a jackass" note was the thing to do. 
i woke up this morning next to my toilet covered in an attempt to make blanket of toilet paper 
I like how the only thing you spelled correctly is "i'm tequila" 
they are using this drunk girl like a spin the bottle in the hot tub, whoever she lands on she makes out with. 
At this point I feel like i'm never going to be sober, and it's frightening 
If her picture on my phone wasn't mostly of her breasts, I'd never pick up the phone when she calls. 
He asked me If i had cheated on my boyfriend when I said no he said it's like he doesnt know me anymore 
She just got in car wreck. Wreck sex is better than break up sex 
I cant leave dude. theres a horse with a top hat on 
I told her the maid must have stolen all my condoms. She bought it 
Well my dea agent brother is visiting so I'm gonna get high and see if he notices 
We have to talk through the words with friends chat so his gf won't find out 
morning after pill = breakfast in bed 
I think he liked me better when I only opened my mouth to suck his dick. 
Sandwiches are there for you when porn isn't. 
so if i die before i go back to school its because the thing we found in the hallway that i've been smoking out of is a crack pipe 
when a girl feels in her heart, the way she feels in her vagina, anything is possible. 
and then you yelled "out of the way, i'm a lifeguard!" and everyone let us through 
Somewhere at this very moment, a group of drunk white girls are singing dont stop believing. 
I could feel myself puking on my feet but it was so warm i didnt even care. 
You paid the taxi driver with a comb last night. 
Never get a handjob from a girl who gives deep tissue massages. 
I found her under my bed eating airplane pretzels. 
I am kinda proud of you, its like seeing my slutty baby take its first step 
He asked me to grab his balls and yell "thats a spicy meat-a-ball" Last time I do requests. 
i was so worried that when his hands were down my pants he was going to find the weed i stole from him 
God, i just love slightly insecure guys with hearts of gold and giant penises. 
I dont want to tell you. Lets just say that a lot of things are reminding me of your dick right now 
i hate always having to make my eye shadow look really good since my eyes always end up closed by the end of the night in pics 
we all know badassery is carried on the XX chromosome 
I feel like if you stuck me in a room with all my old toys it'd be the best high ever. 
You make shower sex sound like waterboarding 
I think I should just go up to him and say, "before I invest time in this could I just take a look at your penis?" 
Are you seriously gonna shit with that life vest on? 
According to google history I spent most of last night trying to buy an elephant. 
Just because it's been in my vagina doesn't mean it's important to me 
Seeing a catheter being inserted into a penis severely diminished my sex life 
It's official, I've know hooked up with everyone I carpooled with in middle school 
well, someone with very low standards is getting their dick sucked 
we had incredible sex, then he proposed with the vibrating cock ring 
you kept saying 'its nothing a six pack wont fix' as they loaded you into the ambulance. 
her and i fucked to a michael jackson song and she had it memorized so she squealed every time he did 
Today I learned you can't titshake with a corset on. 
He asked if he could fuck me while on chat roulette. 
tequila makes me forget i have legs 
Apparently he ran around last night saying he was 'the hulk hogan of muff diving' 
my mom just found my flavored lube in the basement. she gave me a lecture about how "giving head is degrading" omg i feel sooooo bad for my dad 
Is it weird that I want your dad to go down on me? 
i think you're the only person in the world who masturbates to food network. 
You were doing downward dog and puking off my deck at the same time. 
apparently 20 random guys watched the process of me being carried on a mattress through the dorms 
and i was just like oh shit i'm getting felt up by a 15 year old 
I hope this doesn't become one of those friendships where we dont have sex 
all a guy has to do is give me sprinkles and cookies and they can get me in bed 
we were fucking and all I could think about is how my silly bands were glowing in the dark. 
you know its bad when everytime i put on a shirt i think of who i hooked up with in it 
who knew that a girl that let me piss on her within 20 minutes of meeting her would get upset i couldn't remember her name. 
He's been grabbing my ass as a greeting since 2004, sex was overdue 
i just saw some one pass a baby through the drive-thru window at dairy queen. 
She handed me a mouthguard and said "here, you're going to need this" that rough. 
His hands were made for my vagina. 
and he said i stripped him down, hand cuffed him to his bed post, and tickled his arm pits, and then continued to watch The Hangover. 
he kept his composure pretty well until he puked on the cop car 
She's okay as an interesting car wreck. But as a sexual object she's funny 
I found the other part of your tooth if you want to put it under your pillow 
Apparently he always goes for the wrong girl so it should be easy for me to nail him. 
who knew that if you vomit while skydiving the puke goes up towards the people that are behind you. 
I was just referred to as 'the margarita slut' by an 11 year old. 
i feel like god sat there all night pointing and laughing at me 
Man, the last time I saw you you were giving me a thumbs up while being pulled out the bar by your belt from some girl. 
Just got a hand job during Charlie St.cloud I honestly never thought Id thank Zac Efron fir one of his movies but thank you 
I was too drunk to read the menu, let alone her body language. 
Instead of centeral air we are getting a margaritaville machine. Thought you would enjoy our logic 
My doctor literally wrote on the script NO SEX 
Manscaping on you would be like trying to clean up the oil spill with a dixie cup. 
Caught my drug dealer jacking off. I think this is a new step in our relationship 
the only time i'm productive on weed is when i drink. 
you spent 5 minutes trying to open an empty PBR and kept saying "don't worry i'll get it i've been working out" 
The cop refused to sing with us, even though he was as happy as we were that the tow truck finally showed up. 
Eating Doritos is not nearly as enjoyable when I'm not drunkenly feeding them to peacocks. 
I really need to find better places to throw up. I would like to be able to use the bathroom sink the next morning for brushing my teeth 
Thanks for telling my landlord that the poop stain was yours and not my secret dog. 
it never fails, everytime he manages to fuck my earrings out of my ears. 
apparently breaking a beer bottle and then throwing up in a urinal is a terrible way to pick up girls. 
It was mandatory to shotgun a beer before we were allowed to eat dinner 
you got thrown out for pissing in a cup in the corner. you told one guy it was okay because you went to college and that he wouldn't understand 
Just once id like to sleep with a man who i havent thrown up on 
Mom just apologized for her lack of a gag reflex not being genetic. 
I just figured out that you can toast a marshmallow with a butter knife and a cigarette lighter. I'm like a retarded Mister Wizard 
So there's dick imprints in the peanut butter 
he said it was like fucking a big sack of slut potatoes 
he stopped making out with me and said "can I make you grilled cheese? I feel like I owe YOU something" 
This morning I proved to myself and all the kids on the playground that I can't puke and drive. 
you read me verses from the beginners bible until my answering machine finally ran out of time and cut you off. 
is it too early in the day to continue our conversation about penis shapes? 
I love you and want you to know that you're the best friend ever and me lassoing you with a seatbelt was out of sheer affection. 
We banged through her entire lady gaga playlist. I can die happy now 
driving around with you guys listening to the beach boys made me very concious of how white you all are. 
Two girls I have never met just thumb wrestled to decide who gets to make out with me. 
How fortunate humanity is that it need not rely on the female orgasm for procreation 
Nah, I'm just going to keep fucking him until he realizes we're perfect for each other. 
it's not a party till someone uses the fire extinguisher. 
dont worry about it. i always have emergency bong water with me 
we found you standing over and eating out of my neighbor's garbage can 
Woke up with pink eye in both my eyes. That's how the threesome went 
well judging by the amount of dired blood around my nipple rings i'm gonna assume it was a good night 
didn't know how to tell his mom I was confused about how long we'd been together because we banged for a full year before making it official 
just heard this guy tell a story about how he got boat head. i want his life 
you have no idea how wierd it is to get nudes while talking to grandma 
I am telling you that nothing wakes you up like stomach acid exiting your nostrils at 10AM 
It's official, my little sister has hooked up with more girls than I have. 
i wish i could shrink down to the size of his dick so i could just thank it in person. 
at which point I apparently ran in and shouted "I made the sex with that one!" 
I am not one to point fingers but since it says your name "wuz here" next to the dick drawn on my stomach I am holding you personally responsible. 
Who would have guessed that on my moms birthday she'd have sex with the door open. :&#40; 
Who would have guessed that on my moms birthday she'd have sex with the door open. :&#40; 
She said her tits were too big, and he slapped her. He said that Jesus didn't appreciate bitches that fish for compliments 
about to get into a hot tub with three cops. this cant go well 
We pinky-swore to never fuck each other again. 
the guy was wearing a viagra shirt, i knew what i got myself into. 
Whats the count minus fat chicks? 
For a second, I wondered if I could smoke pizza. 
its totally unfair that im just as ill-prepared as a 16 year old but there's no tv show for 25 and pregnant. 
i got iced as i was inside of her. i fucking hate my friends 
basically at this point ill snort whatever you put in front of me and just hope 
I said make yourselves at home, not to put a used condom on my ceiling fan. 
I must say your penis is just as photogenic as you 
The tent wall coming unstaked in the wind and hitting me in the face really sobered me up 
I feel like vodka or no vodka, you'd still be trying to button your cat into your comforter 
My gynecologist just commented on how well my vagina was waxed 
He took a banana and in front of everyone showed her how he wanted it done. 
After skinny dipping in your pond, I think me and tequila have added a whole new dynamic to our relationship. 
She was perfectly content just sitting in the middle of everyone blowing bubbles in the air. 
im so poor im using the bottom of my laptop to heat my food. 
dude uncooked spaghetti noodles dipped in thousand island dressing is better than it sounds 
How do the people at CVS not know your living in their bathroom? 
It's like alcoholism for beginners at my kitchen table. 
Tell me why I'm at Target and this entire Spanish family is crowding around the condoms questioning which ones they should get 
I was holding her hair back and when she quit puking she told me she's been saving her scissor virginity for me. 
yeah, it's no longer just 'day drinking' when it's 5pm and you're knocking over fruit displays at fresh market 
Its like fucking yourself in the head with a weed strapon 
He's warming up to shark week, by only eating fish and drinking vodka, and all the time he keeps yelling "death to the seals!" 
Feels weird sitting between two guys who've had their heads between my legs in a 24 hour span. 
i just realized i dont have a sober facebook picture since 2007 
She must have been at ribfest tonight because my dick smells like barbeque sauce 
Hooking up with one of the deadbeat dads from Teen Mom does not qualify as banging a celebrity. 
If I knew losing weight would mean this many fucking creepers I would've just stayed fat. 
Your ass just called me, someone was yelling "awful waffle" and also, " I don't know who's hands are who's anymore" 
I'm just trying to jam my tits into some coconuts and I'll be on my way 
What's the point of having 3 fuck buddies when their periods all seem to sync up 
Oh the joys of strong arming a man into exclusivity 
oh good. ive just found out that i went downstairs at 6 am still blacked out and had a 30 minute conversation with my mom about the different ways to feed our dog 
i have wind burn on my face from my head hanging out the window of the cab vomitting 
drinking out of a sandbucket again 
Dont even try and act like it wasn't you who made the sex tape of my dogs. 
As long as you don't die I'm in full support of your drinking decisions 
Ok, so for future reference, in Rome, "piano bar" means "brothel". 
things I have learned from cosmo today- 40&#37; of guys are uncircumsized, you can have a beer facial, and i really need to get tested for std's 
You were spooning my trash can and I had to crumble cookies on the floor by your face to get you to eat 
All you kept saying was "my dick ALWAYS causes problems". 
You are missing out on the best boobs in town right now 
they ran out of ice so they are using frozen shrimp in their drinks 
My cousin had a baby so we have to look at it. Apparently the event is byob 
Life is so much better when you know you're gonna get laid soon. 
Last night you were talking while puking saying, "ahh the shoes and the purse, I'm gonna have to wash those" 
I'm using process of elimination to determine which of our neighbors i fucked last night. 
He was wearing his Class of 2007 shirt so I sat there for 5 minutes and read all the names of the guys I can remember giving head to. 
He posted a picture of my bra on facebook with the caption "I don't know who I hooked up with last night but if this is yours please come pick it up". 
I'd invite him but there's too many people who have fucked me going already 
I'm beginning to think I'm sterile because I definitely should be pregnant by now. 
her face looked like how i feel after Taco Bell 
how are you not completely traumatized after 8 years of friendship with me? 
What's the most polite way to ask if you puked in my vase? 
I am so hungover and cant move but craving a Wendys frosty so bad. I might have to watch 2 girls 1 cup just to settle the urge 
Don't remember much from last night, but I recall slipping you the tounge. For that I apologize 
Take your time, they're doing body shots off the dog. 
I was literally just a half conscious dildo. 
kinda considering buying a life alert for sophmore year 
Even after projectile vomiting watermelon on the beach, it still sounds appetizing. 
i can't remember the last friday i didn't spend in the foetal position 
also I just used a straw to drink the juice out of a tomato b/c I forgot how to bite. 
My sink just fell out of the wall. I can't deal with this right now 
Knitting and drinking wine. Forget my 21st birthday, might as well just skip to my 60th 
I've spent the last ten minutes rubbing glue sticks on the wall 
i don't really know how much tequila is too much 
my whole body is tingling just thinking about the orgasm hes going to give me 
its a vaginal recession for me, ill take what i can get 
I have a question, if it paid really well, like ridiculously well, would you be a restaraunts under the table resident blowjob girl? 
When I woke up in the parking lot today I decided it is not a good idea to hang out with you anymore. 
When they saw it was the 7th inning of the baseball game one took off running for the beer stand while his friend is yelling "BUY THE KEG"! 
The new google images is a smorgasbord of porn now are plans for tonight are off. 
you were crying while pretty ricky was playing, what did you want me to do 
if he wont fuck me on the stairamster then i dont think theres much XXX shit going down 
I'm in the grocery store cradling a box of wine like it's my firstborn, so of course this would be the first and only time I've ever seen my boss outside of the office. 
I'm in the grocery store cradling a box of wine like it's my firstborn, so of course this would be the first and only time I've ever seen my boss outside of the office. 
You layed on my kitchen floor with a pile of m&ms at your crotch, said "your lightbulb don't match, is that one new?" 
she left out the fact that she had a kid until she told me not to suck on her tits too hard or milk would come out. 
He just called shotgun on the way to the squad car. 
you're thinking of things to pack this weekend and you think Don King wig? 
maddie and i have invented a community puke bowl. explanation later 
I can't cum and do my makeup at the same time. 
It's when I'm in my pajamas and in need of a gin delivery that I miss NYC most of all. 
The only piece of furniture in the apartment is a wine rack. 
But I thought everyone had breakup sex? 
in mid cry she says "I can be a whore if I want to" 
By the way, she says hi. At least I think she did since she licked my phone 
the weed was in a baggy that had little penguins on it. i am so excited you have no idea 
hot twin vs twin who's good in bed. why do my life choices same way unfair 
Shut up. It sucks being the ugly friend, I would know, but someones gotta play the role 
So instead of getting the if-you-hurt-my-little-girl-youre-dead talk, i got the alcohol-is-our-friend talk, i like her dad already 
He took the lighter and said "this is how I give myself a bikini wax." 
hey dont come home for a while, moms drunk and is telling the story of 'how she met dad at that orgy' again 
whatever it's my dick and i'll put it wherever i want 
i have only one word for you: 3somewithnorwegiangirls 
When I realized it was a dog, and I still had a boner, it was awkward. 
you looked up at me mid puke with tears in your eyes and asked to make sure no one took your turn at Wii 
The last thing i remember was high fiving everyone on the planet. 
They're like penises that have been put in a blender. 
know what the best part about malls are? standing on the upper level and boob gazing 
"Tuesday" and "open-bar" shouldn't be used in the same sentence. 
id like to know how you successfully locked me in your backseat last night 
West Wing DVD drinking game: drink whenever they waqlk around a lot. I LOVE POLITICS SO MUCH 
His body is like Jesus fingering me while I eat birthday cake 
I'm not gonna not go for it, she's foreign and pulled a shotglass out of her thong. 
He wants to call Lloyd's of London and have my mouth insured. 
so are you any less fat since you started doing blow? 
I wore my underwear in the shower just in case i passed out and you had to come in and get me 
once she started licking the door on the stall, i got out of there and told her bf "this is your problem now" and walked away 
I drove to Chevron at noon and the Hatian lady goes "Oh, nothing to drink yet white boy?" 
It was one of those "since we're naked anyway" type situations 
Is it too much to ask that he stop calling me 'titty fuck' in public? 
I had the spins so badly it was like I was having sex with 2 girls 
time for a it's-monday-night-and-this-week-is-gunna-suck-drink. 
slowly transforming into a stationary lump of steel. how can you tell me that was JUST weed 
I am gunna fuck the accent right out of her mouth 
Apparently senior citizens don't like that position 
I'm going to listen to christmas music to trick my body into cooling off. 
beeferoni &#43; vodka = puke stuck in braces. 
I came downstairs to find I had missed the 3some on my kitchen floor but not the pukefest or ER trip after it. This is what happens when the voice of reason is otherwise occupied 
Just because you're using the Hipstamatic app for your nude photo taking, it doesn't make your drunken blowjob pics any classier. 
I told him he didn't want "flip-flop extraction" on his medical history. 
I was on hold waiting for customer service at verizon so we obviously we had enough time to have sex, i just put the phone on speaker 
The google font looked peculiar last night, but then up close I realized it was just dry vomit. 
She liked every single Facebook status in her newsfeed and then made her status 'I LIKE U GUYS' 
I have seen more male genitalia at this party tonight than I ever want to see again in my entire life. 
And then he used the flashlight app to illuminate me giving him head. Thanks IPhone 
Internet sex stories have completely ruined the word sopping for me. 
all i remember is stealing his cheesepuffs and shaving my vagina in the hotel lobby 
when we woke up the fish was dead lying next to us on the bed. wat should i tell her 
He was singing "i gotta feeling" under his breath as i was pulling my top off. 
so when he was about to cum, he screamed his mother's name and continued to pray for forgiveness. wtf 
hes a good boy he deserves a good blow 
Everyone agrees they like your mother better drunk 
My alcohol tolerance is way too high for this paycheck. 
do you know what somber means? it's kinda the opposite of a kegstand 
I'm pregnant just thinking about him. 
I tried to cut him off and he said "I was the president of a fraternity for 3 years, I could outdrink God." 
you know it's bad when you need sunglasses to open the refrigerator 
I've never seen anyone write a check for a bar tab before 
and then the other night his penis tricked us both into sex 
I googled what to do, and it said to squeeze the pressure out so people are taking turns sitting on my head. I can't believe I'm allowing this 
im sleeping in a hamic at a mansion. best hangover ever 
I lost count of how many people I peed on last night. 
You kept spitting the skittles out cause you said they tasted like "balls of sandpaper" 
You leave a trail of fuck everywhere you go 
He took out the lube and started calling it fuck fluid 
85&#37; positive I just found a hair of a certain variety wayyy in the back of my mouth between two teeth while flossing. 
Also just realized how inappropriate it looks to other drivers to finish bottles of cheap champagne at stoplights 
should my penis look like a turkey 
You were petting your shoe and saying this makes me really happy 
Its midnight, he's burning water on the stove and keeps yelling at me and telling me not to burn myself. 
You're always adorable, but when you're drunk, you're like Chia Pet adorable. 
I need to shower. I still have paint on me from the homeless guys 
We've had the 'life would be so much better if we were both lesbians' conversation too much for that to be okay. 
He then proceeded to tell me about his enlarged lymph nodes, his"severe" case of blue balls. 
we turned his baptism video into a drinking game 
Whatever you do to me, stop, I found yet another blonde hair in my asshole. 
I'm thinking about that time I was in a trashbag and you spray painted my hair yellow 
Climbing onto the roof in a dress and high heeled boots was probably not the best idea, especially after all that Bacardi. 
She pointed at me and told her friend, I'm going to fuck him, its going to be really loud, so yes, i need the whole basement. 
if you count grabbing my crotch as an introduction then yeah i got a couple of those tonight 
it's fine if we fail the bar, we were never going to satisfy the moral character requirement anyway 
I'm pretty sure this isn't my phone, but I do like these nude pics 
would really like to know how the teddy bear got super glued to my testicles. 
He kept saying 'your mouth is Amazing' even after I was on his dick. 
he even offered to make my bed in the morning. 
Tonight is one of those "I'm wearing a shirt as a dress" nights because I need to get laid. 
His threats seemed pretty legit for a 6 year old 
He wouldnt stop screaming that he wanted a trashcan WITH a lid. Whats so necassary about a lid 
Why's my alcoholism being used to prove a point? 
She's been divorced three times and use to raise cock fighters. Of course I'm interested in her 
my neighbors garage sale is really cutting into the time of day when i can smoke weed on my deck. 
I feel like a need a fire hose to wash off what I did last night 
I found out why we traded puke covered dresses in the bathroom. 
It's alarming how good I'm getting at being productive at work on Thursday after Johnny Walker Wednesdays. 
bars should really give you discounts for bringing your own shot glass 
I know I said I was done dating 22 year olds but it's not my fault all the guys my age gave up on life and got fat 
he drove an hour to get eggs with me not even a blow job, just eggs. 
Those motion detector trash cans don't work fast enough to catch puke. 
is facebook stalking your hot therapist socially acceptable? 
you said you couldnt let go of the fence because your hand was molding to it. 
I was so high that i was talking shit about a girl I was with via text, and I handed the phone to her so she could type the shit I was trying to say. 
is it still called a breakup if its your friends boyfriend that you have stopped sleeping with? 
imagine how many guys you'd have sex if you didn't recieve your monthly gift. 
You brought out the iron board layed it on the ground in the middle of everyone and passed out for the night 
I envy the lives of milf's kids, the little kid grabs her tits and she just laughs and says not now 
All of my current injuries can be related back to sex. 
i actually have a tan line from him holding my boob while we were sunbathing 
waking up outside has become so normal, the paper boy knows to set the paper next to me 
like the penis drawn on my face is so detailed and well done, i'm not even upset about it. 
she kept peeing on everything and yelling it was now her property. 
I'm not a creep or anything, just a lost soul looking for a good lay 
the more i look through evidence of last night, the less i seem to remember. 
We can't have sex anymore. The amount of money I've spent on meds and copays for UTIs is getting ridiculous 
when "blow-job jen" drunk dials you at 3 in the morning, you answer 
You know you have a great job when you need a DD home from work at 6pm. 
It's too hard to jack off and hold an ipad at the same time 
Just because he's a soilder doesn't mean his dick is a hero. 
come over i need a lifeguard for my shower 
It's not every day you get to see a girl fuck herself with a pickle. 
A good ear swabbing is more orgasmic than sex with him 
I was surprised he admitted he couldnt keep up. We both knew but usually they dont come out and say it 
But when he came on my stomach I noticed how tan I was! 
I don't know what's worse, the fact that my parents own a sex swing or the fact that my little cousin was playing on it 
he left me a note this morning. it said "thank you for letting me touch you" 
I started dry heaving in the middle of sex and she says "You moan funny." 
So he thinks I sent him a picture of my boob last night, but it was really just a close up of my arm. 
so its official, girls can see a boner through my snuggie. 
Had a dream I was a monkey and smoked pot out of a bong made out of a tree 
No, I stopped taking my meds because I like crazy me better 
apparently I kept yelling at her that I wanted t-Rex sized lines. awesome 
you told grandpa to call you daddy 
Now that Steinbrenner is in heaven he's going to make Jesus cut his hair 
I don't think a check that has "thx for the drugs" on the note is really gonna fly. 
i would eat my own dick if it were covered in nutella 
This is the prime rib incident all over again 
well when do great stories at the expense of people's relationships become a bad thing? 
Did i throw a brick at someone last night? 
Saying you want a bj does not count as saying you wanna see me btw. 
so the plumber came, he found condoms, feathers and glitter in the pipes. 
There is so much to learn about oneself from autofill. 
I just introduced him to multiple male orgasms. I love wine AND tequila 
You just kept saying "I want my babies to look like you." 
I know the scar will be in an obvious place, that's why I'm certain it'll score me cancer blowjobs 
So currently I have a block of cheese duct taped to my air conditioner in lieu of a fridge. 
you were stumbling around in your attic looking for all your swim team medals because you wanted to "feel like a champion." 
I was high enough to think that mac-n-cheese w/ ketchup, tortilla chips w/ ketchup, and milk was a fancy dinner 
Now that world cup is done, funneling out of a vuvuzela has lost its fun 
My dick just stopped my iPhone from falling into the toilet. 
I think we need to stop being best friends, its not good for our vaginas. 
Lindsay lohan: road to jail is on E tonight. Bring vodka we are not missing an opportunity to make a drinking game out of this 
The problem with having your drunkeness documented at a wedding is not only does it show up all over facebook, but all over professional photography websites. 
Can you check your dirty laundry bag for my tooth. 
Apparently everytime he put me down to bed I escaped out the window, I faintly recall climbing into the canoe in the back yard, and air paddling. 
I just realized that I'm gonna have to lower my standards if I want random head. 
Well, McDonalds 'escorted' me out after I passed out mid-order 
at least he left the skimmer on the side of the pool so i could fish out my thong in the morning 
All I remember is saying that "fire will make it all better" 
woke up this morning to find the entire staircase covered in marinara sauce, with my roommate practically sobbing and scrubbing the wall with carpet cleaner. 
I have 250 contacts there has to be someone sober to take me to taco bell 
He got mauled by a 200lb cement boulder and all he could say in the back of the ambulance is 'I'm so getting laid for this' 
You were pissed we didn't change the movie to Eurotrip so you kept singing "Scotty Doesn't Know" over and over until you passed out. 
it's to the point where working 2 jobs this summer will absolutely not cover how much i will spend on alcohol next semester. 
how do i say "thank you for the blowjob, but never talk to me again" without crushing her? 
its impossible for me to find something that fits my tits my muffin top and my ass all at the same time 
Is it bad that John just came to my work to have sex with me bc I felt bad that he slept on his porch last night locked out and I missed all his calls? 
its great to know that you distinguish your relationships on whether you can cum on someone's face 
If my bosses could see, smell or hear me right now they would understand why its a horrible idea to keep the office open sundays 
his mom called while we were having sex and asked if we could finish in his brothers room because her ceiling fan was about to fall on her bed 
It's hard to be above the influence when you are the influence. 
It's amazing how much better one feels once you put something in your vagina. 
so apparently I plead the 5th to every question they asked me when they put me under the conscious sedation to set my broken wrist 
is this the sara with the beer cane? 
you pissed in the sink and didnt realize it until it was time to wash your hands 
I think i accidentally made vodka pancakes 
there is way too much butter on my body for this to be okay 
The only comparison I have for the iPhone is that it's like youre constantly getting a blow job 
all i seem to do anymore is lay around stoned, naked and eating mangoes 
i keep seeing random pieces of my outfit all around town. 
Im at the zoo right now high out of my mind and feel as if the animals are watching me and Im the one in a cage. 
id pay someone 5 dollars to tell me whos house im at right now. comfy couch though 
Im beginning to think that if I ever write an autobiography it will have to be mostly fill in the blank. 
I just threw up in my hands while sitting on the toilet 
Dude, I swear her tits are going to give me a concusion. 
i just dedicated my kegstand to your breasts 
omg theres cum all over the american flag and now its up in front of his house. 
It's sad because pictures are supposed to say a thousand words, and theirs just say 'fat' 
if you're passed out when i get there i get to wear your banana costume and do awful things to you 
I found him crying and drunk, in my closet holding a picture of Tyler Perry. He managed to say"he's just so many people" 
I'm going to fuck my way out of the friend zone if its the last thing I do 
Just when I thought this night couldn't get any worse, my dad sang and dedicated Sexual Healing to me at kareoke night. 
just once i'd like the "right thing" and the "topless thing" to be the SAME THING 
the doctor brought back painful memories by lecturing me about your teeth marks that are still on my dick. 
That still doesn't explain why you thought it was a good idea to paint a cow on my guitar 
one of the cashiers from Kroger is eating at my kitchen table and nobody knows why. 
So we went to home depot to buy supplies to build a beer bong but ended up buying an office water cooler that were going to put vodka in 
Why the FUCK can i grow hair on my big toes but not on my chest? 
if he only knew that in between each sext i was puking. 
I think the puke all over the side of my car actually improves its appearance. 
he just told me i make him happier than drugs. that's some serious shit right there 
I am drinking at a movie theater seeing a children's movie, 2nd time this week 
I just found a pubic hair on my dick that wasn't mine. 
My mom just said we needed to put weed into our earthquake kit. 
i'm pretty sure the only people calling it "sexting" are ones who don't actually do it 
There is something about weddings and lines being done off my ass 
I kept telling myself all night that it was completely okay for me to lose all sense of my morals because it was my birthday. 
I promise you I could read that dogs mind, he was arguing with the other dog saying he knows how fucked up I am 
i hooked up with some kid with a broken arm and he wouldnt even let me sign his cast 
I mean I'm forever immortalized as the one who puked in his dad's straw hat. 
They are baked and once again have spent the last 45 mins talking about opening up a world wide business called "pickle on a stick" 
and all i could think about was how mcdonalds would not be open anymore after we were done having sex 
He wore homemade jorts on our first date. I'm not sure if I should leave now or embrace the white trash lust and marry him 
OH GOD PAJAMAS ARE SUCH A HARD CONCEPT RIGHT NOW 
My goal for this summer is to make enough extra money to be able to afford the ticket for water skiing naked. 
I miss the days when all my weekends consisted of were 69 and crunchwraps 
I hate nights where "I found my underwear" can be considered a victory. 
I wish there was a classy way to show off your boobs. 
I was cleaning out my bag and I found some xanax wrapped in plastic with a note that said "use in case of emergency" 
She's "scared" of blowjobs, so she just played with it for a while. 
Your braces fetish is going to end up biting you in the dick. 
There are 9 condoms on my bed either i met the greatest girl ever last night or something horrible has happened. 
There are 9 condoms on my bed either i met the greatest girl ever last night or something horrible has happened. 
It's only 4 pm and I'm already way past my preferred quota of "could have died" moments 
My cleaning lady just walked in the kitchen and i had a hardcore boner. I dont know what awkward is anymore 
Responsibility does not care about your dick. 
Nothing says I have a hang over like telling your boss to "eat your shit" 
then again I'm sitting on a tree stump completely naked in the dark listening to some type of glee soundtrack. 
I swear my cock is like a magnet to my friends younger sisters mouths. 
He keeps trying to sell me the forks from his kitchen drawer 
What would you have done with a 40 foot neon parrot anyway? 
Actions speak louder than pants. 
every time you want to hook up with a guy who has a girl friend, i'll just give you a freshman 
While at warped tour today a girl was crowd surfing and her vagina landed in my face, I call that a successfull day. 
so would me posting the photos of the cock and coin jar incident be completely out of the question? 
All i remember before i blacked out is you pointing to a random chick and telling me to bang her for America. 
I only broke up with her because the ex sex is amazing. She will do ANYTHING if i even hint at getting back together 
Your therapist is not going to think that you using your vagina as revenge is okay 
I like how you try to look sexy and just end up looking like a weird boy. 
I am highly attracted to the men and that's all i can say. I do not clap and make noises but i do turn to the side and say how i'd do incredible things to them if given the chance 
This hotel is not contributing to my sobriety, they have 4 kinds of free wine and beer. 
How long is it safe to eat only Hot Pockets and Popsicles? 
toilet paper cling ons are not as adorable as the little red cub makes them look on the charmin commercials. 
I was eating her out when she coughed, I just swallowed a bright red blood clot 
You don't have to be drunk! I've licked your asshole before 
everyday i become more and more impressed with my facebook stalking skills 
So I put about 15 worms in the cuervo bottle. I don't think that's how it works but I feel like hallucinating by 11am 
he was fingering me, then looked down and said "i like your socks" 
I'm about to tackle a 10 year old off a sea doo 
Let's put it this way, it's 9am and that box of wine looks like the cure 
fell asleep with the bong in the pool, weirdest tan line ever 
she won't be coming home tonight because she tried stealing a baby giraffe from the zoo 
He tried to carry her to her room after she passed out, but when he picked her up she came back to, saw him, screamed rape and pulled out her vuvuzela app and blasting it like a rape whistle. 
At what point are you a chubby chaser or just desperate for sex? 
Bottle rocket just missed my head by about 3 inches. Of course I'm being safe 
Max was wondering if he could trade you sex for the use of your jumper cables 
I can't wait to see you, I've been doing mouth stretches for the past 2 days 
I'm ready for this little girl to leave so I can hit the bong already 
Yeah like at least with a penis what you see is what you get with a vagina there can always be a surprise inside 
If your dick isn't up when i get home you're catching tonight. 
its not that she doesnt like having sex with you, your balls just smell worst then your ass. 
I want a vodka facial right about now. I'm talking about straight vodka bukkake 
she just threw a smoke bomb in an elevator and ran down 9 flights of stairs to see it at the bottom. 
dude i feel like at any given point 3/5 of that family is trying to fuck you 
Do you think it'll be awkward standing up at their wedding knowing I've slept with both the bride and the groom? 
why is my clorox wipe dispenser full of tortillas? 
I only want to screw him when I'm drunk. Problem is I try to be drunk as often as possible 
My dora the explorer band aid does not cover up the shame i feel right now 
It's like there testing me. My dad kept handing me margaritas and saying "you can take it" 
All I need in life is some dick and a big mac. 
i lose more brain cells when ever she opens her mouth then i would doing meth for 8 years of my life. 
the plan is to continue having sex with all three of them until my birthday, and then once they've given me their presents, they can find out about each other. 
I wish his dick was as long as his hair. 
Dude you picked up her Chihuahua and threatened to kill it yelling "it's not cinco de mayo, bitches" 
apparently i found nail polish and started playing a game i made up called "paint a nail, do a shot" 
sweet and enthusiastic is code for tiny dick. 
i feel sorry for the hotel staff that makes the bed after we have sex 
The only coherent words in the 6 texts i recieved were don't, cute, fucking, beer, and lions 
Foreign porn with subtitles is a little disappointing. 
What did I eat last night that was bloody? 
She was the most uninteresting drunk I've met 
i think i am going to devote my summer to making my cats internet celebrities 
he's drinking at 8 in the morning. it's going to be one of those "or else the terrorists have won" kinda days 
my advisor is telling us the best way to sneak in alcohol on move in day. I definately picked the right college 
I just got hard thinking about a crunch wrap. Im done 
Vodka and Eggs at 9:30AM = thank you, America. 
I wish orgasms lasted as long as the pain from rug burn 
He doesn't like you, he likes u not having a gag relfex 
It's sad really how 5 am brings with it a distinction from drunken to pathetic. 
i feel like our whole relationship was one big acid trip 
Now for something completely different: ive figured out how to eat a banana without insinuating something completely naughty 
i think i just put your shirt on , but i don't remember . my body can't decide if it wants to move in slow motion or fast forward 
shut up i haven't hooked up with anyone since 45 minutes ago 
we need 14,000 post its to execute this plan 
I will never try to masturbate with americas funniest home videos playing in the background ever again 
i prefer some hard alcohol, but wine makes me feel less of a progressive alcoholic 
Apparently we had sex last night, and then I made him drive me to the beach so I could puke in the ocean. 
The only thing i was looking forward to on 4th of july was the google logo and they let me down. That and beer, lots and lots of beer 
We've been friends for six months, when do my benefits kick in? 
because whats more american than sleeping with a westpoint cadet on the 4th of july? 
next time a party gets busted lets get a group photo first. 
I mean, I'd wanted to go skinny dipping, hook up with him and have sex on a beach, so last night I basically killed 3 birds with one super slutty stone. 
I mean, I'd wanted to go skinny dipping, hook up with him and have sex on a beach, so last night I basically killed 3 birds with one super slutty stone. 
Well we were just driving down the street, there was a realtor and a couple walking up the porch of a house for sale, mark sticks his head out, opens his mouth to say something, pukes all down the side of the car, pauses, and yells "THIS IS A PHENOMAL NEIGHBORHOOD YOURE GONNA LOVE IT" 
My dinner last night was 3000 calories of beer. Slept kneeling on the floor w/ my head on a couch 
So from the residue on my balls I think it was mashed potatoes she had in her mouth 
my brother walked in while we were fucking, silently took my bong from my closet, saluted us and walked out. 
there are way too many $1s in my wallet for last night to have been 'tame' 
The best part of listening to lady gaga while high is that any word your brain puts in is right. 
my cup is half full, half full of rum. 
Life's too short to consider the larger psychological underpinnings of my lust. 
I need to talk about my life with someone. Preferably with someone who hasn't tried to jizz on me 
if you hear someone banging on your door early in the morning, it's me with some breakfast burritos, so don't be alarmed 
You can't just say things like "great depression theme party" and then not respond. 
I might not be able to enter cuba but that doesn't mean that a cuban can't enter me 
I think his parents are learning english from the phrases I shout during sex. 
all i remember is screaming butter knifes are for pussies. 
2 showers later and I'm still finding cum on random body parts of mine 
drunk enough to think that masterbating in the pool is an awesome idea 
I don't want to eat him, he probably tastes terrible. 
Always thought my first night in jail would consist of fire and a bunny suit. 
Tell her you can forgive her unacceptable behavior because her dad and his dog weren't married when they conceived her. 
I wish i could be on x for the rest of my life. 
[insert really romantic bullshit about how much i love you and how beautiful you are so you will suck my dick tonight] 
Every time a song comes on I get sad if glee has not a cover of it 
you handled that situation with as much grace as someone puking involuntarily could 
stumble upon led me to how to make wine in prison, followed by wedding dresses. it knows my life too well 
What am I legally allowed to do to a girl that is the equivalent of me punching her in the face? 
What happened on tuesday that a stripper knows my full name? 
you should have seen his reaction to my boobs, it was like he just met god 
I feel like I should limit myself to one meal prepared from a box per day 
despite contrary belief, getting peanut butter off your balls is not as easy as it sounds 
we made out inside of a kiddie slide for about 20 mins. it was the sexiest, most suffocating experience I've ever had 
I wonder what a non-hungover friday at work is like 
would it be subtle enough if I played birthday sex on repeat while I may or may not be stripping? 
First date: that requires underwear, huh? 
Nothing ruins a good sext like too many emoticons 
I seriously just washed my dick in a public restroom. That's how dirty last night got 
I wish there were college classes that were useful to your daily life, like how to pack a proper bowl in pitch black darkness. 
I just peeled a layer of cum off my eyelid. Don't even tell me that's not why you came over 
What a good family we'd make, him and I and our kids and his good dick. 
If we went to a costume party as Batman and Robin I would go as Robin, that's how much you mean to me 
I do not want to touch your penis after this conversation. 
How do I invite him to our 4th of July cookout without sounding too much like "hey you were my first orgasm and I want your dick inside my while watching fireworks" 
apparently the dude across the street has been dead for like a month. now I feel bad about pissing on his lawn 
And he tried to make it as casual as possible by asking where i was going on vacation while he was poundin me. 
I'm just trying to think of how much money Little Debbie would make if pot was legalized. 
Why do my balls have what looks like rust on them? 
my mom told me that she didn't count me in the census because im a waste of life anyway. 
all i asked was if it was all the way in, and now im laying here alone. sensitive guys fucking suck 
I'm going to buy you a pony but under one condition: you have to name it sarah jessika parker 
My epitaph should read "Margaritas: she never learned" 
dude i've broken up a marriage, I think I can handle a simple engagement. 
well now i know if i ever need to drive puke and talk on the phone at the same time i can 
my financial goal is to have my cable back before football season starts 
The difference between what I would do for a regular Klondike bar and an Oreo flavored Klondike bar is astounding 
This is a dangerous game of "whose life is more pathetic". 
I woke up to her vacumming the grass 
if women knew the size of my dick, theyd be much more receptive to my sloppy drunken advances 
We should see who can shotgun a beer faster over iPhone FaceTime 
it's like i need an invisible sign across my boobs that says "DOESN'T HAVE DADDY ISSUES" that only old men can see 
if we dont hook up this weekend, im doing both his roommates 
I just realized his fb pic was taken in a public bathroom. 
Does he know anything about your personal life besides what you look like without clothes on? 
she definitely blew him on the riverbank, some lady floated past and said "have some pride honey", amazingly awkward 
The state of Wisconsin is just irresponsible for letting me buy this many fireworks 
Speaking of morons, I just found half a Subway sandwich in the bathroom drawer You or your brother? 
DONT TAKE THE KEG OUT OF THE HOT TUB I NEED A PICTURE OF ME DOING A KEG STAND ON IT 
He passed out so we kept throwing water on him, he got excited and asked if we were at the wave pool. 
The frequency that you give me blue balls couldn't be healthy. 
The only ground rules are no one is allowed to come who will say "no, that's a bad idea" or "what if we get arrested?" 
Look at it this way: if he'll have sex with a tomato, he'll have sex with you. 
Just found my toeprints on the glass of his sunroof. 
We had sex in the woods. It was great until some bird started mimicking my orgasm sounds 
Sometimes i wish my penis was detachable that way i could take it off sometimes so i wouldnt get into these situations 
The best thing he's ever done for me was comment on my profile picture saying "hello boner" 
How many times a week can a couple have a threesome with the same guy before it becomes some sort of 3-way relationship? 
He had rug burn on his nose from my landing strip 
I met him yesterday and now he's wanting to hold hands and kiss in public. i hate this 
please dont pick me up from the airport dressed like a terrorist. 
Ok, but If I make this happen, my first born son gets to fuck your first born daughter 
her sex was completely horrible but her weed was great. imma ask her out again 
I just need you there to slap my dick when im flirting with her 
And the cops told us we were all naked. 
if we break up, blackout me is coming back, making out with everything in sight 
you should give me head with plastic fangs in 
Every perfect package comes with a warning label. 
My mom said I should get that 'not fucking anybody' problem fixed. 
Dude we need to petition the city about running buses later, none of my booty calls own cars 
I remember sucking his bleeding finger and then it's all black until he had his hand down my pants. 
If I start taking birth control 8 days after we had sex do you think it'll stop the baby from being made? 
i want the original willy wonka imagination song to come on when i take a girl to my room 
he was terrible at kissing, so i just kept letting him motorboat me. he seemed very pleased with my choice 
I kept grabbing at Stephanie's boobs because I thought the leopard spots on her dress were popcorn. 
Why would vodka do this to me? I've always been loyal 
i just opened up my bathroom cabinet to get deodorant and found 4 bottles of natty. Its like the world wants me to miss this interview 
i just walked downstairs to find my brother wearing a crossingguards vest and boxers. when i asked him where he got it he just looked at me, smiled, and kept feeding the dog yogurt 
the can pyramid on my head actually reached a decent height before I moved. 
I can't believe you're fucking in the bar bathroom, but everyone else can, and they're really proud. 
i just got painted green i'm not about to leave for anything 
I will never get the visual of you crying while chewing christmas lights out of my head 
I wasn't expecting a boner of this magnitude 
protesters in toronto definately have the best pot 
Just heard this lady walk by on her phone saying "did everyone orgasm?" 
This gyro tastes like lonliness 
i definitely just woke up with half of a cigarette tucked underneath my balls. Last night must have been interesting 
Pretty much knew it was gonna be awful when the extra condoms she had from her ex were entirely too big for my dick 
Well hey if hot cowboys are involved then all bets are off. 
Dignity is for republicans. 
sometimes i think what itd be like to be a firework 
FYI don't ever, ever get a lap dance from a stripper who says " she's having a bad day " at a bachelor party. 
And then you gave the bride a high five and said "Go forth and Consummate." 
I've been drunk so often this summer being sober is exciting 
Dude, at this rate we're going to get arrested a second time tonight. 
your mascara is on the toilet seat from when you fell asleep last night 
I have come to the conclusion that if you don't fulfill your life ambitions you should go into porn 
if that dog is afraid of alcohol then he's no dog of mine 
In my defense it was my birthday and I really wanted to do it. 
do you think having her use a clorox disinfecting wipe on her vagina will keep me from getting her herpes if I don't have a condom? 
It went from "haha, this will be funny" to "full blown anime porn fetish" 
It's cute how he thinks we're going to have sex again 
I got a bikini wax for the first time today and I think I now understand feminism. 
Fun fact: Antibacterial soap will not take the combined smell of bbq sauce and vagina off your hands. 
I've come to realize time passes slowest when I'm sitting in class, waiting for microwavable foods, working out, &amp; giving head. 
I was blowdrying my hair this morning and I swear to god it smelled like franzia 
you will always have a special place in my vag 
his mom and I have the same butterfly tramp stamp. don't ask how that came up 
She was about to go down when you guys iced me. Thanks bro 
YouTube is recomending me a video on how to make a home made meth bong, what has my life come to? 
what date should I let him know how fucked up I am? 
She got all mad because she said it was "unprofessional" to tell my manager to go fist herself. 
Please tell me you saw the asian lady with the medical mask on cutting her lawn with scissors. 
what part of beer fountain do you not understand 
i was told that i was found face down in a plate of ketchup at the dinner table 
Some asshole just brought BK into my summer class, im already high as hell, i did not need another way to not pay attention 
You spend 45 minutes trying to convince that pregnant girl you were with all night to have sex with you cause 'the worst had already happened.' 
If there was a god I would have a big mac right now, but i don't 
it's like her boobs came off with her bra 
Could someone please kill snooki before she contributes to the gene pool. 
Just learned how to deliver a baby.the things i saw tonight can never be unseen 
Once you realized you couldn't finish the 30 you started walking down the street and leaving a beer in everyone's mailbox 
He puts stickers to promote his new shirt company in every sack he sells. He's like the donald trump of weed 
Even though I wasn't drunk last night, I peed in the sink just so I could keep my record going 
I bought a zebra print bikini, I'm gonna be honest here- if he doesn't want to have sex with me in this, he's gay. 
I want a meaningful relationship and i wont get one if i keep giving him blow jobs in my basement while watching family guy. 
i woke up to him dangling his cock in front of my face 
the facebook you made of my ass has 10 times more friends than i do. 
I come up with the best drinking games while babysitting 
She eyed me up from across the bar and mouthed "I have no gag reflex". 
I keep forgetting that I only have two nostrils. 
Well if I am having twins, at least I'll finally have 2 kids by the same father. 
So can you tell me who's underwear is on the cat? 
Watching that soccer game was like getting kicked in the crotch for an hour and half and then coming right at the end. 
Too many people are naked here for this to be normal. 
there are two kinds of girls in this world: my mom, and sluts. 
I mean, it's free alcohol, to turn it down would be a crime against humanity. 
Based on how hungover I feel today, it makes more sense that the bouncer didn't let me in to that bar. 
She vajazzled her vag. It was as useless as putting earrings on chewbacca 
We're too lazy to do dishes, so we're making sangria in a flower vase. 
This show inspires me to have sex in space 
In retrospect, getting to second base BEFORE anal wouldve been a good idea 
I wish we were homeless so drinking on the streets was acceptable. 
Just gave my manager part of my viccodin stash-my job is basically secured forever. 
i knew it was going to be a good night when i was bleeding, licked it and it tasted like miller light 
His fingers had 12 years of piano lessons behind them. my ex has been put to shame by a finger 
What part of "you pissed in the tent" do you not understand? 
Well I'm glad to hear the fight wasnt over his small dick. 
I can't get a boner in the bathroom of a buffet. 
And when I say "complete whore" I mean I could possibly make a shameful profit by wearing this. 
You tried to convince our cab driver that your $2 bill was worth $11.70 
Sorry i'm not sorry i made out with your dad. It was father's day weekend, get a grip 
For future reference, even the most well-intentioned game of whiskey pong is a terrible idea. 
So for a second i just thought clitoris was a disease. 
He practically bottle-fed me Jameson, like I was a baby chimpanzee on those nature specials. 
Just found the video that explains the neighborhood applause. Your landlord is awesome, and the clothes are on the roof 
I cant believe Lindsay Lohan feels like this every day 
she's googling pictures of Freddy Mercury and whispering 'I'm ready' 
i want to cheat with him just to show his girlfriend what a terrible person he is. 
Just made everyone at my party download the vuvuzela app for iPhone, the neighbors absolutely HATE us 
i was mowing the lawn and found the coffee pot in the bushes 
I definitely didn't wake up this morning thinking "i wanna get gang banged today" 
I literally have been drunk for three days entirely by myself, the world cup may kill me 
I hope my sperm were as drunk as I was. 
The irony of calling it Pride is that you do things that no one should be proud of. 
my debit card account is gonna say movie, movie, ice cream, movie, cheese fries, get a fucking life, movie 
at first i was worried but she assured me her frail vegan body would have no chance at conception. 
I wish a night of watching Dear John and a bottle of wine could cure my herpes. 
Are you still at the party or did I leave? 
Its so akward after he cums on my face. like usually the porn just ends 
Spent the last thirty minutes staring at the wall with Leah. It's definitly moving 
I told him I wanted to have sex to "halleluiah", he suggested the poke-rap. 
i just got cum up my nose. i would have expected more from the captain of the men's lacrosse team 
Just saying. If you end up in canada tomorrow morning at least youll have my text to remind you how it happened 
I'm not sure what happened last night, but my turtle seems afraid of me. 
Just seeing my phone say "picture message from: Senor Floppy Cock", i knew it was going to make me smile. 
He googled "how long will i be drunk" and just started crying 
my life is one jail cell away from being a bad country music song. 
Could you please tell them to stop whispering "thundercunt" every time I walk in the room? 
it was like having sex with a tree stump 
i feel this outfit says i'm better than you, but i might give you a handjob behind a building 
Did we both pass out talking about cake last night? 
CANT TOUCH THIS JUST CAME ON MY IPOD. LOVE STEVE JOBS 
This is one of those situations that make me think to myself "what life decision did I make to get here" 
Oh, and for future reference, telling a guy that your ass is too tight for anal is like painting a bullseye on it. 
Just chased ups truck with a half wiped ass for you. You're making dinner tonight 
you don't seem to understand just how much pasta i spilled on my bed last night. 
we had a 10 minute conversation with his family about how I don't let him eat me out. I want to go home 
well, I suppose if I had to pick a penis to represent the american public, yours would be it 
she insisted that i refer to her boobs by name. 
The glockenspiel player has some booze though so hopefully the ride won't be that bad 
who do i root for if I want Christiano Ronaldo to win the world cup on a team by himself and then bang chicks on the pitch? 
If im paying 4grand for laser eye surgery, it better help with beer goggles cuz last night was pretty rough. 
The stripper told me she had been working there for eight years, then got mad when I asked if she was trying to make it into mangment. Awkwardest lap dance 
we found him in the shower with a bottle of jose saying "this is Mexico's fault" 
you were eating the carrots out of my guinea pig's cage and saying that you needed them more than they ever would. 
When she gives birth, I'm so playing 'Eye of the Tiger' 
in case you havent found it already in honor of Toy story 3 we wrote ANDY on the bottom of your foot while you were passed out on the couch. 
Jus posted an album so big that it takes my manhood into question 
There's half of a squirrel in the bathtub - i figured you'd be the one to go to. 
as we were driving back from the frat house he pulled down his pants and convinced me his penis "wanted some air" 
my mom just asked me why she found a half-eaten burrito in the hamper 
it wasn't THAT bad but he definitely called his dick an asshole and said sorry to my vagina 
I think the fact that my first kiss is now in a porno says a lot about why my life is the way it is 
In a world where you don't want your phone to pocket dial your parents at 2 in the morning while you're running around Florida shitfaced, Droid does. 
I am officially out of liquor stores within a 15 mile radius that don't recognize me as soon as I walk in the door. 
i dont care if i had to wear a dress to fuck her, she was super hot and i stand by my decision 
It was honestly like finding a clitoris in a haystack. 
I wasted some perfectly good semen on her 
Just think about it this way, every time you work Sunday, it's another $75 and that equals another hooker when we go to Amsterdam. 
she spent the whole night flailing her arms because "primates are the only species who can move their arms like that and we shouldn't waste it" 
i hope not, i just know that at one point I was sitting on the bathroom floor eating bugles and crying because i had no one to show that it looked like I had witch nails when i stuck them on the ends of all ofmy fingers. 
he came up my nose again i swear he does this just to piss me off 
my mom found me this morning spread out like jesus sleeping on the living room floor. i had a piece of bread over my eyes to block the light out 
just peed in the tub. didnt notice the passed out drunk guys there until a minute in 
New plan: we get a little bit drunk and go to 24 hour fitness and be eachothers wing people so we can hit on in shape hot people at a gym instead of drunk idiots at a bar. 
His dick might not be the answer to my problems, but I'm definitely ok with testing it as a possible solution. 
I don't remember him, but he's saved in my phone as "uh oh zbt" 
she "accidentally" hit me with her car, its almost as if she know im fucking her boyfriend. 
Is it wierd that you're going to be my best man and you've fucked my wife? 
i would think by now you'd realize that my penis does whatever the fuck it wants and i have no control over the situation 
I know we had a good night last night because his turtle was half asleep chewing on the used condom. 
i wrote her a fucking poem. i better get laid for that 
threw up in a bar last night and got laid on an air mattress. my bucket list just got a lot shorter 
He told me about his girlfriends trust issues during our post sex spooning 
"I never want to have to say, 'Please don't squirt me with your breast milk' again. 
Then I received a text in French, that roughly translated to "all you'll ever be good for is sex on the Internet" 
I mean I woke up wearing my bathing suit which blows my mind 
He just did a 33 second keg stand with a fractured leg, busted chin and chipped teeth from running into a parked car after winning a race. 
No, you dont understand, he literately fucked me into a new hairstyle, quite nice too. 
just wondering who decided to put a cup of throw up in my fridge 
i woke up to find out i googled the Twilight Eclipse trailer. so either drunk me doesn't know that i'm straight, or sober me doesn't know that i'm gay 
No. untill you have done a puke that contains nothing but semen and tequila, you do not 'feel my pain' 
Well, of course, to the untrained eye I look like a slut. 
you know you've made it when it's your own pool table you're waking up on 
Exactly how low is masturbating to your cute professor's lecture videos? 
i have a surprise for you that looks bigger since I found my body hair trimmer 
woke up on my stairs with half a hot dog beside me and the last text I sent was "i make hot dog in toasTer" . 
right. well i dont plan on getting laid till i find a respectable girl that i can make unrespectable 
just fucked my old babysitter, gotta love block parties 
After all you put him through, I think it was only right that you saluted the bartender when you left. 
all she had left on were here heels. phone five 
let's put it this way: i'm gonna stop drinking and get a gym membership. she's that hot 
You know you had a bad blackout when you forget you held the stanley cup. 
I couldn't tell if those girls from the bar were lesbians or just awesome 
If we don't get kicked out of this hotel tonight for fucking too loud we're breaking up 
I know it's not your turn to do the dishes, but since they're covered in your puke, it is. 
I woke up while squatting on top of my bed peeing on my comforter and my laptop 
I just opened up the mens room door to a dude pissing in the urinal and pointing at himself in the mirror 
I'm drinking Dom Perignon from the bottle with a straw just to piss of some french dude. 
I thought it was kinda weird that her ten yearold sister was playing bartender, but hey, the girl makes a damn good drink 
dudes here are drinking wine, and not in the forgivable 'just doing this to get laid' way 
she peed on how many people? 
There is nothing wrong with wanting a slide attached to your staircase 
Accidentally just signed something at work 'lotus flower' I need to keep my stripper life separate from real life. 
You kept referring to your penis as "this guy." 
Is a box of franzia too insincere of a gift for "i'm sorry I backed into your toddler with my car"? 
I don't think so, think I've only met him once, the night I lost my teeth 
i think it would be like really awesome if scientist could genetically engineer manatees to be like the size of goldfish so i could have one in my fishbowl and be like FUCK YEAH TINY MANATEE 
She saved the condom from the first time we did it. 
Beach body diet is off. Pizza hut worked its way back onto my google chrome top 8 
It was worth having to clean the cum stains out of the carpet. 
The only thing worse than listening to you two fuck all night was waking up and smelling bacon and there not being any left. 
It's really awkward/depressing when you are wearing heels larger than his dick 
I don't give a shit about soccer but I'm really excited about drinking at 7 in the morning 
I'm not sure what's more surprising, the fact that she said I reminded her of Danny Devito, or the fact that it got me laid. 
I seriously dont think i have ever ridden a horse sober. 
I didn't mean to leave you there I just didn't know him well enough to throw up in his bathroom. 
I bought a fake diamond ring to wear, not only to bars to keep the creeps away, but so that I'll be judged less by the front desk girl at Planned Parenthood 
he came so fast he could have be employed at jimmy johns 
You know what sound is wonderful for a hangover? Listening to the horns from the South Africans at the world cup 
how are you gonna miss the world cup? other than the olympics it's our last way to assert our dominance over China after this economic bull shit 
I just blew my nose and little bits of weed came out. 
If it makes you feel better, I doubt anything could survive in your uterus. 
Sorry I had passed out by this time I think, with the chicken fingers ON my face in my bed, with all the lights on, and ketchup all over. 
You act like this is the first time i've fingered two 17 year olds at the same time 
Had a drunk dream about being in a six story taco bell. Oh my god the menu was incredibleeee 
You woke up in the middle of the night and told me we won the sweepstakes, the penis sweepstakes. 
We had unprotected sex and she's eating life cereal for breakfast. The universe is telling me get the plan b for her 
We were making out and then he stopped and said to me, "Your ship is right there, why don't you take your people and just go?" 
I may have been hammered and in a wheelchair but I definitely remember asking the hospital reseptionist to marry me 
I'm scared at the amount of beastiality in this conversation. 
you convinced the bartender to un-cut you off by letting him touch your boobs whenever you ordered a drink. 
There's nothing like vomiting in the restroom at work to remind you that you're not in college anymore. 
you finished all 5 burgers, started crying tears of joy, and then claimed the tears were actually just 'meat sweats' from your eyes 
That drug basically just makes anything that's in your mouth awesome 
You know its bad when convincing your mother you were masturbating is the better alternative 
my voice of reason is faarrr too drunk for me to listen. 
Last night must have been awesome, my dog still smells like vomit. 
she actually told me to ignore the cokeheads in the corner with knives. 
Eventually evolution will just give us a better liver anyway, so our great great grandkids should THANK us for our binge drinking. 
I'm heating up a hotdog using a candle. 
We were naked in his bed when he asked me "what should we do?" 
how bad would it be if i made his twitter my home page? 
dude thats like the second time shes peed on the couch at a party. we cant invite her anymore 
you can add "aspirated seaman" to the list of things your sister has been admitted to the hospital for 
So add panera bread to the places i love to eat that i am potentially banned from. 
Aparently his snake got loose in the middle of the night. Not a sex joke, he has a fucking snake 
It's my birthday, I plan on masturbating and boating, maybe even masturbate on the boat. 
yo everyone went to the hospital last night 
once i realized i was actively trying to drink the beer i was sweating out of my body i knew it was time to go to bed 
hey, i'm all for honesty but let's not get carried away 
After the VIP Latina experience at the strip club last night, I am rooting for Mexico in this years World Cup. 
mom just told me i had to find a fake by next wednesday. 
I doubt the Taliban would support fake nipples. 
Stop making all the ice cubes only big enough to fit in your bong. It takes like 3 trays for a glass of ice water 
Like reprimanding the wall for "sneaking up on me" drunk 
It totally doesn't make me a groupie if I hooked up with him before he was in the Olympics 
I just found out my boyfriend is cheating on me, please tell me Carl is a unisex name. 
Don't judge me. It was less weird than it sounds when we were in the moment and it was his birthday 
We're having the conversation about what happened last night, all we can come up with is that we came home, drank two litres of lemonade, I took one of her seizure pills and we fell asleep with sabrina the teenage witch on 
we need to find that guy that whips out his cock at the bar again 
the pub in dfw airport has a countdown timer to st. pattys day, to the second, i like texas 
Took it a bit far last night. While leaving his house, I sent myself a text that said, 'you're still pretty" 
I woke up because I was nodding to the dream question of "would you like a sombrero?" 
He always grinds on me and is like "This is awesome because we're both Catholic!" 
wanna hang out tonight and remember it? 
I think he just gave me the 'I used to fuck your sister' discount 
i could totally date him if i was just drunk the whole relationship 
You are the sheppard guiding my vagina away from horrible decisions. 
Getting drunk now, but later remind me to tell you how to crash an 8th grade grad party. 
I wish there was a lawn mower version of Roomba so I could just drink and cheer it on from the stoop. 
i dont mean to point any fingers but there is a lot of urine in the kitchen 
i had to apologize to my friends for being friends with me 
i had to apologize to my friends for being friends with me 
Brutal- a couple weeks back I had a 28 hr blackout and four day hangover. S'why I decided to haul it in 
So you really have to stop introducing me to girls and afterwards saying "he has his dick pierced" let them find out for themselves 
Maybe I need a light up heart over my vagina like Christina aguilera to get the point across 
I hope he's okay, but I also hope he shows up with an eyepatch 
Listening to her yell about my drinking problem is not helping my hangover. 
I know this may seem inappropriate, but are you gonna bring any blow to the wedding? 
It was so good the neighbors even had a cigarette. 
It took my four years to get this degree, and 4 hours to lose it, My parents are not impressed. 
according to the contents of this bucket, last night i swallowed a whole teabag 
I'm sorry but when I'm riding in the trunk on the way to mcdonalds at 6 am I just don't want to listen to reba macintire 
You were in the garage half naked counting your ribs and talking about how you had too many 
You seriously need to keep doing my sexting for me. I just said something about "riding cock like a dick rodeo" 
You were mumbling a lot and offered me 20 dollars to leave you alone 
He said he's was gunna give me some pain meds. I'm not sure what they are but I just gave him a thumbs up 
Also, our mothers are placing bets on which of us will get pregnant first. 
this is something i pride myself on being below average for 
It's always a surprise to see what songs I shazamed and downloaded last night while we were drunk at the bar. 
We turned everything surrounding BP and the oil leak into a "that's what she said" drinking game. We've been drunk for a month 
until you tell me otherwise ill assume we're playing "cavity search" the homeland security game to spice up our sex life 
when does it stop being whiskey dick and start just being me bad in bed? 
so im gonna ask for shark week off tomorrow at work and i advise you do the same 
I hope my liver is having as much fun as I am 
I cannot believe how calm you were last night about telling Katie she was on fire. 
I just saw a girl licking a cheeseburger wrapper. dont ever let me get that fat 
i'd be lying to you if i said i didn't just bring up microsoft excel to make an alcohol budget 
just upper decked a verizon store cause they don't cover against "getting phone crushed by a keg." had to pay 175 for a new one 
Dude how the fuck are we gonna get the lawnmower outta the pool? 
So I guess I passed out face first on the ground while trying to grill last night 
he's mad because you were 'slandering his penis'. 
he was so high that he wouldn't speak to anybody for like 30 minutes, he'd only gobble, like a turkey. 
Look, all I'm sayin is $2 boilermakers and an expense account are probably a bad mix 
When she showed me how she could touch her toes without bending her knees, suddenly her face didn't worry me quite as much. 
how do i say, "my ex is going to be at this party so don't look like shit" without sounding like a bitch? 
She made me cum so hard I couldn't hear for half an hour after 
so this was truly a case of the blacked out leading the blacked out. 
Cool, so I just walked in on my grandfather checking his prostate in the kitchen. 
failed my one goal of the day: wake up before 2 pm. 
She woke me up, whispered "I like the size of your dick", kissed me, and rolled over and went back to sleep 
You would think that an uncircumcised man would understand how the hood of a clit works. 
I trust that you have thought of something completely illegal for us to do this weekend. 
I don't think the TSA agent thought getting iced while searching my bag was as funny as I did. 
I made a game called come to class high and eat nachos. 
My choices this week make me realize that I need to copyright the term "cock buffet" 
What kind of person begs for a BJ from someone who just got their wisdom teeth out? 
you just started pointing at the light and whispering "star wars" 
Its like everytime i see you, my vagina gets a heartbeat. 
We ran out of toilet paper the last week, so we just took showers to pee 
Finished drinking tea out of a red party cup when I was done I flipped it without even thinking 
my bedside table was not meant to hold this many beer bottles. 
i just watched a special on porn, the business isn't doing so good. You may want to wait before you start your career 
I drunk wandered into my parents bed and slept between them 
I don't know, I don't really wanna ask the question, "Mom why am I not circumcised?" 
i don't even want to say how many boners i've caused this week 
she tried giving me head in the pool. it was more entertaining than pleasurable 
Exactly. wat kind of friend would i be if i even pretended to give a shit about ur problems 
I'm drinking bacardi out of her mom's eco-green starbucks mug and chasing it with her sister's "for track only" vitamin water. Hello suburbia 
i'm sorry, i thought "hey, she wants TO FUCK YOU" was a good enough cue 
Come scavenge bits of tuna out of my chest hair 
they're using the ping pong table for ping pong. it's weird 
oh i have no idea about his personality. i imagine it's the same as it was- except now combined with a receding hairline and a beer gut 
He measures volume by how much weed he can put in it and surface area by how many people can have sex in it. 
dude she was so drunk she thought Jim Joyce made the right call 
We walked in and found his glass coffee table broken and you in the bathroom throwing up saying "What a bad first impression." 
I realized we pick a president more often than I get a blowjob 
Legit screaming match in this bar over the differences between cupcakes and muffins. 
You know you had good weekend wheb we you hook up with three different girls and you don't feel no pain when u pee in the morning 
Never underestimate the healing power of vomiting and a bath. 
Let's get back to talking about you giving me a blow job. 
Woke up with an epic boner today, the kind where you can spin books and shit on it. FYI: don't try spinning an encyclopedia 
Oh my god it just tripped me out that I used to be a baby, I had to tell you. 
I went from a chick that didn't like to have sex to one that can't get enough of it. I can't believe I'm going to say this but at 27 I think I need a happy medium 
the teacher just ate a hash brownie and passed out on the bus best field trip 2010' 
It's hard to believe so much cum came out of such a small penis. 
You don't understand how difficult it is to give head with cotton mouth 
"Take a picture of me motorboating molly" was probably not my best career move 
so apparently dipping a tampon in red gatorade and throwing it out the window on the highway is a $100 fine 
you passed out on the bathroom floor with the door locked. we had to break in and no one was sober enough to move you so they just threw a towel on you and stepped over you 
bailing my boss out of jail is a great way to spend memorial day 
I kept whispering "I love it when you call me big papa" until she got annoyed and left 
What's the point of being healthy if people still don't want to fuck you? 
well i had to explain to their mom why the kids i babysit for won't stop repeating the phrase "nice juicy guido" 
Threw up 3 times on the lawn mower and then proceeded to crash it into a tree root and break it. 
And then she proceeded to fling her bra around while screaming the rocket power theme song, still managing to not fall off the skateboard 
As it turns out, strippers don't accept checks. 
Just found a keg and a mini-bike in our garage, this couldn't possibly go wrong 
Hello wreck, this is your train calling. 
look what he's done to me, i actually want to be a stripper now. 
there are too many children here to make this hangover-friendly 
Saved By The Bell: The College Years had it waaaay wrong on that one. 
The Wii Fit is already telling me I'm an alcoholic. 
dude,it's memorial day.not getting wasted=you're a terrorist 
Saying he's good in bed would be like saying Soulja Boy is a good rapper, completely unlogical if you've heard him. 
I just remember getting him back by licking the window on his truck. 
I would get the one fuckin stripper that's a lesbian. THE ONLY ONE 
Did your dad mention the fact that you asked him for viagra at 2 in the morning? 
The dentist just giggled when he accidentally shot water across my face, I can sense how he treats women. 
Our relationship just reached the stage where i can touch her boobs while making a honking noise without getting hit in the face 
I'm pretty sure I saw a man standing on a table with no shirt on getting sugar thrown at him while "pour some sugar on me" blaring while the cops were in the house. 
I made out with the bride. You tell me how my night was 
third eye blind makes so much more sense now that i have a drug problem 
The biggest loser is alot easier to jack off to at the end of the season 
The crowning achievement of my weekend was hooking up with someone I'm at least facebook friends with. 
I'm wayyy too drunk to be in a parade right now 
arguing about whether his trip to england or my trip on acid was better 
My penis hasn't been this frustrated since I was like 13 and I awkwardly got boners at school dances 
He used one end of the towel to wipe the cum and I used the other end to wipe the tears 
Xanax and allergy medicine look a lot alike when you spill them on the floor. Just saying that I still have allergies but I'm unsure if I still have legs 
I keep finding coffee grounds in my vagina 
She put baby oil on her toes and i am not legally allowed to talk about what happened 
I'm drinking rum and coke straight from the 2 liter bottle. 
You don't even know the meaning of faking an orgasm until you sleep with an uncircumcised ginger. 
Well unless he sent his sperm via fedex, this baby isnt his 
He took naked pictures of me and told me if I ever got to the Disney Channel level of fame he would help me out. I think i'm in love 
I think Memorial Day also marks the beginning of "Bikini Profile Picture" season. 
My last google search last night was 'vodka swimming pool'. 
Downstairs neighbor just asked me to tell people when they jump off the balcony next time not to land on her flowers 
Pretending to be straight requires way more energy than I'm willing to use in this heat. 
It's either jizz or frosting, and either way, someone's being held accountable. 
like we started out all organized and composed and within thirty mins people were throwing up in the bushes, arguing over a beer bong and jumping in the pool with their clothes on 
How's your Sunday morning ritual of shitting and throwing up at the same time going? 
Yes someone did see you carrying a beer bong on the side of coastal highway 
the point i decided it was time to leave was when i was on the floor of the bar, after taking her down with me, and a table. 
he doesnt exactly give off the "im mature enough to use my penis" vibe 
i just opened the overnight bag i packed at 2am last night. Apparently all i thought id need was a handful of quarters, mascara and one sock 
I was wondering where I've seen this kid then I remembered I saw him doing lines of blow of his gf's leg while she was sleeping last week. 
I haven't been "cry when you eat ben and jerrys" high in a while. 
you're the only person i know to use "jizz" and "cute" in the same sentence. 
i can't believe i had a foursome before a threesome 
Fuck, now I'm not only the other woman, but the pregnant one 
woke up this morning with a fat chick but she went downstairs and made pancakes without saying a word. 
You were absolutely insistent that the entire bar knew that it was peanut butter jelly time 
I got an 8 ball and a free entrance pass to the strip club, if i dont get laid tonight I never will. 
Yo, if someone calls you asking for John Stamos, just go with it. 
he put a lighter in my cleavage and said "you're like another pocket!" 
We need to get her some penis inspired head protection. 
fuck he's narrating my life in a british voice make him stop im way too fucking high for this 
guy at the corner shop gets out a bottle of tequilla and a pack of malboro light whenever he sees me through the door. makes me feel loved and cared for 
made out with three guys on the first night of college orientation, just imagine what joys all of next year will hold 
Dude someone is playing the piano in the other room while I shit and it's making it really peaceful 
Oh right she's pregnant - that's why all of her statuses have been uber depressing 
having to delete all your hookups stored in your phone as first name followed by frat/bar after they've graduated is such a bittersweet feeling 
I just recycled a years worth of liquor bottles. I can feel my alcoholic carbon footprint shrinking 
dont get mad but guess who just got banned for life from dodger stadium 
if i die of alcohol poisoning tonight, just know i kinda expected it and totally deserved it 
Even when three police cars surrounded us you kept telling us not to worry because 'only good things can happen'. 
He's trying to kill me, one liver cell at a time. It's going to be a slow, but awesome death 
I feel like I could be a daytime drinking legend, like they could put that shit on my tombstone and right now your preventing me from reaching my full potential 
so it turns out, not only do the doormen judge the girls I bring home, but they rate them. 
of course he's cheating on me, she's 100x prettier and she can do the splits 
dude, it should not be this hard to find a bottomless mimosa on a friday morning 
The only thing worse than cracking my rib on a slip and slide was having the doctors laugh when they found out in my medical history that I did this exact same thing last summer. 
Dude feel your hair right now it feels so weird like pasta 
"Hung over, tired and having a faint scent of some body butter and random pieces of glitter from a girl named gigi, almost arrested in drug bust, $40 Canadian in my pocket and all i got was this lousy Tshirt" shirts dont exist, but they need to 
can you put a coffee maker in the dish washer? yo know what, nvm i want to be surprised 
Booyah. Found 8000 pesos in my closet and that's apparently 608 US dollars 
I know I'm all grown up when I don't have to take my pregnancy test in the store bathroom anymore. 
it makes it look bigger when i shave, i hope its not the same for a girl 
Going to get yelled at but I labeled the reel "four dried up sluts decide going to the middle east to shop during a war is the best idea ever" 
According to the transitive property, he has now had dick in his mouth. 
i'm ready for this baby to gtfo so i can get coked out. 
i was about to cum until he started doing shrek impressions. 
Replacing day drinking with a real job was the worst decision I've ever made. 
Shaking her cervix like it's the hottest ticket around 
i dont know, i woke up and he was going down on me. i guess i can save his number 
My mom made me chili for when I get home from the bar. Those are the standards I expect you to live up to 
Her facebook status is 'PERCS ON DECKKK~' which is probably why she still lives with her parents. 
Well you broke that rule when you put it in your mouth. 
why does the wii remote smell like your vag? 
my feelings for you are synonymous with those of a grizzly bear and salmon. i don't want to nom on you; but i need you to survive 
ATMs should seriously have built in breathalysers, I would save so much money. 
then you put baby powder on the bottom of your feet and walked to your room so "ladies would follow the footprints" 
mid puke you looked up at me and asked if it was your turn to sing 
we banged on the home plate. i wasnt even aware of the significance of where we were until afterwards hahaha 
it got awkward when she realized that our nickname for her was "The Hambeast" 
I have a sudden craving for National Treasure 2. THIS IS WHY DRUGS ARE AWESOME 
Its kinda awkward hearing him say the food taste like ass considering what he did last night. 
you're in nursing school, now tell me what to do about a burned clit. 
Right before he passed out, he said "Stuporman, coming in for a landing" 
im pretty sure while i was fucking her my dog was fucking her dog too 
its like national bring your ginger to the pool day or something 
dude, i think we just came across a situation where tits weren't worth it. 
If I'm going to go gay, i'm not going to go for a tiny dick. 
WAIT U DIDN'T FEED THE SQUIRREL? 
I didnt realize my nipple ring fell out until he coughed it up. 
I don't remember her name, all I remember is trying to suck the wedding ring off her finger. 
apparently "my dealer got arrested" is not an acceptable answer when mom asks "What happened? You look sad today" 
there's no such thing as luck on your birthday, only drunken invincibility, make it happen 
we're making bets on your personal life 
Her friend drew me a diagram of how we could get away with her giving me a blowjob at work. 
I remember her trying to talk to me a few times after we broke up and I'd always change the subject to bagels. 
Whatever, its basically a crime against humanity to miss an andre power hour so she'll get what's coming to her. 
The only way I could have failed my exam worse is if there would have been a drug test portion 
thanks for stopping by when you did. making a meatball quesadilla while high was a bad choice 
Mental note: adding peach schnapps to a gin and tonic does not "water it down." 
If someone cleans their bathroom and shaves their crotch for you you kinda have to admit the relationship to facebook 
Heated debate on which is worse. Pissing your pants or puking all over yourself 
I am growing concerned with the number of people here in cowboy hats 
This hangover is way worse than all my relationships 
There is NOTHING better than watching a child being chased by an ostrich. 
If you stick your dick in my spaghetti, we're fighting. 
your boyfriend is drunk and yelling to the bar that he loves his cats 
Gentleman, we have a new medal category - number of women per day in apartment WITHOUT FURNITURE 
i gave him the "yep, i was your girfriend's collegiate lesbian sex story" head nod 
You then began crawling around in the grass with a magnifying class saying you were searching for the magic school bus. 
I can't wait until next week, when I find out what drunk me added to the Netflix queue. 
Sorry I didn't wanna double team his sister. Having whiskey dick and watching you get laid didn't sound appealing 
I just puked on my dog.I feel summer coming on 
Pretty sure I went to the bar in my bathing suit, sweat pants, and high heels. 
I think it was the chocolate body paint and awesome blowjob that finally made us official. 
Even though he is humpbacked he is really good in bed. 
Lost is over, my longest committed relationship is coming to an end. 
17 year olds will be the death of me. 
I need to get the stench of sex and broken dreams out of my room 
I learned the names of so many hookups when they read them at graduation 
As I was puking last night I told them "it's ok I'm a paramedic" 
The worst part of it is that he's not the first man I've fucked with 2&#43; chihuahua's. 
Remind me to tell you the "if you give a mouse a special brownie" story when you get back 
i wish i could tell you the night didnt begin with me drinking alone 
What happened at the top of the stairs is never to be spoken of again. 
I decided to follow my clitoris instead of my heart. 
You kept running into the wall most of the night. When people asked you what you were doing you told them you were the kool-aid man and there was little kids on the other side of the wall who needed your juice 
what has two thumbs and is going to bang you boss on monday? 
I don't know how much more of summer my liver can take. 
Just thought you should know in my puerto rico drunkenness yesterday I signed my dogs name on the bar tab. cruise = success 
She just asked me if her C-section scar turned me on. 
I just deleted all the drug dealers from my phone, I guess this is growing up 
I say that when we get our grades back we're making a drinking game out of it. 
Making the executive decision for drunk you to not sleep in the lofted bed that has no ladder 
They were like stripper heels, except business stripper heels, the kind strippers would wear to court. 
I'm also annoyed at my horoscope for not warning me of my perils 
What do you mean you don't pregame your bikini waxes? 
So the next morning, she had to tell her kids we were moving furniture around all night. 
i think i scared a bird with my dick 
just graduated on the spot on the quad where I vommed freshman year. full circle 
I have a feeling this won't be the last time I wake up wrapped in a shower curtain with the words "Blame Bono" spray painted on it 
Shaving your vagina at 8 months pregnant is not an easy chore. 
Somebody was walking their dog with their car. seriously 
She fucked me because she said I looked like Neil Patrick Harris 
I just watched a woman break three wood planks with her boobs. I don't know how I feel about that 
I save people's lives for a living, but I want to ruin his marriage. 
sex on the roof is not as easy as it sounds 
It's refreshing to see you in something that is stained with something other than vomit and spilled alcohol. 
I'm going to start giving girls scratch off lottery tickets when they leave my place in the am. That way they have a chance of not regretting the night before 
this is hardly the first time i've been told i'm dressed "too suggestively" for 7 in the morning. 
she has double-d's AND she knows what level Pidgeot evolves. don't tell me she's not a keeper 
I knew the cheap date at Taco Bell would backfire because it makes even the most pre-cautious girls involuntary fart in public 
i just had to google what happens if your dog eats your nuva ring 
Do you understand how much easier life would be if fannypacks were normal 
You got kicked out of the strip club for spilling a tall boy on the stage and when the bouncers came to take you out you told them that they should probably go clean up your pee in the back corner cause they didn't seem to notice that 
Horny girl and non horny girl have different views on life 
i'm pretty sure i lost all sex appeal when he caught me peeing in his bushes 
I passed out in the VIP room and she charged me for 17 songs until I woke up, theres a bouncer asking me for $700, fuck tequila 
He offered to take me out to a nice dinner but I told him I would rather he just pay for my beer this weekend 
i dont think the girl sending me nudes is qualified to pass judgement on me 
I feel as if I owe my bloodstream some tequila. 
He doesn't need a wingman, he needs a miracle 
I'm one shot of soco 100 away from fucking a mailbox 
and that's why he's hiding in the taco suit 
Pray the makeout fairy visits me this weekend. 
just started drinking the sprite you used to ice your crotch last night. Missing you already 
after he gave me a diploma for giving him amazing head, getting a regular diploma isnt all that cool. 
I bet they don't have a scenario slide on how to deal with a suggested three way with counsel during harassment training. 
on a side note you can NOT make bong water out of a pear 
It's offcial there's a Bobby Light radio station on pandora. 
I'm still amazed at how you managed to puke in every plant on the whole top floor at the mall without a single person noticing and without missing a step. 
long story short: there's a file in the master file cabinet labeled "lube". 
he's legally blind and likes the sound of my voice, good enough for me. 
i love waking up at 5am with an imprint of a toilet seat on my chest 
she just gave her compliments to the chief, at dennys 
ahh summer, the season during which the prefix for every verb is "get drunk and" 
I imagine my 13 hours of sleep after my 3 day upper bender was similar to Jesus rising from the dead. 
strippers are much less mysterious after you sleep with them 
She just messaged me 19 sad faces. 
I literally stabbed myself so I had a valid reason to get out of having sex with her 
this boner is fucking legendary. i should name it and celebrate its birthday every year 
i don't know how the hand towel got involved, but i peed all over it 
isnt it sad that we can reminisce about our childhood but we cant remember shit we did last month 
I'm going to get so drunk tonight, I actually feel bad about the 30 seconds of drunken awkward sex I'm going to have with one lucky fat chick. 
Why do I feel like that's not the first time you've drank champagne with someone dressed as a unicorn? 
My mom just asked me if I was gay in front of my gf 
You know you're a nerd when you lose track of how many times you've gotten turned on watching Glee. 
my way of studying for our final tomorrow: registering online to retake the class in the fall 
I'm trying to decide if I want to bring home my 'beer champion' trophy or my chem books. 
Sleepwalking naked until I was 12 made it so much easier to get away with drinking at moms now. 
He gave me the "I've pictured you while jerkin off" look 
its a long story involving jim bean, an owl, and a knife 
He told me I couldn't drink an unopened bottle of water he had in his room because that was his emergency bong water 
You tried to pay the bartender in graduation checks, I think you'll be fine in the real world. 
The vibrator you gave me is probably the one thing I will never give up if we got robbed at gunpoint 
for future reference: anal bleach BEFORE boozing 
I woke up at 3am naked and stroking a watermelon. 
She left me a voicemail too. It's just her moaning her name repeatedly 
Just bought a german beer stein with tuition cash. no regrets 
the only good thing about these hospital visits are the free pregnancy tests 
If she wasn't my friend I'd think she was a huge slut 
I don't know if it was the room or her, but as soon as the pants came off, it smelt like a locker room and old man farts. 
Theres just something about looking at pictures of your dick in church that doesn't feel right 
suddenly, hermaphrodite night sounds like a really bad idea 
You know you're deprived when the only thing you taste while chewing gum is the 2 grams of sugar alcohol. 
Don't text me when you know I'm doing lines on my phone 
I either just got cockblocked or saved from a lengthy court case so I'm kinda conflicted about how my night went. 
Way too hungover to be taking this many family pictures 
You stuck your head out the window to puke and got hit with a mailbox. 
woke up with a sweatshirt on that said "someone special calls me grandma" and a sword. i'm just going to assume that it was a good night 
Too late, the blunt's already in my cleavage 
The beer is more important than you right now. 
You kept telling me to "raw dog" your take home breathalyzer without the mouthpiece 
I'd suck anything for a pizza right now 
A slipped finger up the butt isn't the end of the world 
dude, i have to cancel tonight, my neighbor just bought a goat 
Wow, haven't had to deal with the 'stoned at the dinner table' scenario in a while 
I used to practice getting hit by cars. 
The dog just did a longer kegstand than anyone at the party 
You just got cockblocked by Conan O'Brien. 
I have only been in this city 3 nights and there are already 4 bars I can never go back to again. 
i've got to stop sleeping with short guys. they always turn into stage 5 clingers 
Church boner. Awkwardddd 
Right now im sitting at home and all i can think about is im eating calories and i should be out drinking them. 
the only muscles i have these days is kegels 
Is it bad that I just used Smirnoff as mouthwash? 
I just want you to know I tipped the cab driver $10 last night because I felt bad that he didn't have healthcare. 
there is just no excuse for touching your mothers vagina. 
I almost masterbated to the avatar love scene ha it was so hot 
boyfriend # 1 is in the bathroom and boyfriend # 2 is ringing the doorbell need back up this is not a drill i repeat this is not a drill 
Nothing says true friendship like 2 people bonding over potentially having AIDS. 
I found those 18 whoppers we bought. 
The reason i havent seen you yet better have huge tits 
Fuck positive energy. I choose drinking instead, 
Technically this isn't a church so we could have been drinking this whole time. 
I have this strange craving to see a really fat person go down a slipnslide 
Look on the bright side, you can mark 'beastiality' off your bucket list 
He is going overseas for 8 months, not only was that blowjob a going away present, but i was supporting the troops 
He kissed my cheek and I could smell it the whole way home like shit 
This is worse than the time I broke into Subway to steal bread. 
If I banged a coworker last night but didn't enjoy it can I put it down on my timesheet? 
ah. the first shower back home is like a baptism from the sins of the past year 
I miss being able to drink at 11am just cause it was sunny outside. 
Grape juice and vodka is NOT wine. 
I think forcing your little sister to drink with you on a Wednesday when she has school the next day is the low point of alcoholism. 
You should ask if we are margaritasing tomorrow. and yes i did just turn that into a verb 
Can we have fireworks this year or will the ocean explode? 
he passed out on the stove with a cup in his hand. yes the pictures are hilarious 
Turns out Woolite can get the cum stains out of her moms couch. 
I don't care. He smelled like a fucking chilli cookoff 
obviously my correlation between being a pro surfer and being extremely good in bed was 100&#37; wrong. 
I'm really tired of cleaning up my twitter the morning after 
I'm not sure what happened last night, but I have someone stored in my phone as 'Aftershock' 
On a scale of 1 to last weekend, how hungover are you? 
Why the fuck is BBQ sauce coming out of my shower head? 
Dude I still wanna know who I had sex with on new years eve 
i can barely afford taco bell don't think a baby is in the budget 
My flask crushed my baggie full of aderall in my backpack, why can't my demons just live together in peace 
This lady in my dui class just asked what patron was. I feel like she doesn't belong here 
I'm so used to throwing up its no longer a game of hanging over the toilet. Now it's just 'stand up, aim for the toilet, do my thing' then walk out 
the way i see it him paying 500 bucks for my fake abortion is karma's way of punishing him for cheating on his wife 
oh my god i just remembered the cat blow jobs. 
She started crying while we were cooking shrimp because 'Under the Sea" came on Pandora 
i wanna give whoever invented massage chairs a blow job. 
She was that classic mixture between "Hell no" and "Why the fuck not." 
Being back home for the summer opens up so many opportunities to have sex without increasing my number 
Should study in library more often, procrasturbating is less of an option. 
i think it was just a coincidence but she literally vomited the second she saw my penis. 
how can i incorporate a boy scout uniform into what i do tonight? 
Well that wasnt the exboyfriend i expected to hook up with today 
my credit card is covered in vodka and bad memories 
I can't wait til my little brother reaches the point where puking doesn't mean we stop drinking 
They need a stunt cock, be about 20 more minutes. 
when i grow up i'm putting garbage disposals in all showers of my house so when you vomit in the shower its easy clean up 
Just hide your weed in your baby brothers shirt. TSA wont check a baby, thats fucked up 
Getting blown during the Cavs game doesn't make it any less depressing. 
It's 8 am and he's already trying to get me to make out with a girl. 
I'm more picky about my flip flops than the guys I sleep with 
As I was leaving the drunk tank the cop told me he had a feeling we would be meeting again real soon. 
Hey man, did I leave the bottom drawer to my refrigerator that I had beer in at your house by any chance? 
that's the last time we turn jepordy into a drinking game. 
I just passed on expense account drinking, this must be the worst hangover ever. 
been home a week and haven't blacked out yet. i miss college 
there comes a time in a mans life when you ask yourself, will i fake love for blowjobs? and the answer is always yes 
While drunk it seemed like a good idea to barricade my roommate in his room with everything that we could move in our apartment, waking up to him screaming from it collapsing on top of him was just an added bonus. 
Turns out vomit takes off spray tan. 
Just bought two budlight beers with a can of tuna at the bar 
It's not normal to lose a tooth eating a McDouble. 
oh hey summer self, welcome to endless thirsty thursdays and walks of shame. 
Girl next to me just ralphed in a bag. Congrats class of 2010 
Is being a pregnant whore worse than an average one? 
white shorts are a girls way of saying "im ready to fuck cuz its not my time of month" 
Does puking on your bio final mean I can retake it? 
she told me i tasted like america 
I need to hang out with girls who make more mistakes 
You need to come get me. I'm pretty sure that gravity's going to crush my brain 
Would love to except that I crashed into a hearse in a funeral procession about an hour ago so I think that pretty much put an end to my day. 
I like to melt taper candles in my wine bottles the next day, it makes my drinking trophies more classy, and makes me look like less of an alcoholic. 
So am i just your go-to 'i found a tick on my penis' number? 
it's so much work when my dad takes my car to get fixed, i had to take out the bottles, condoms, and my pipe 
my sombrero is too big for the bathroom 
His mom just described him as a manipulative, deceitful bastard -- oddly I still want him 
The only way I made it through work was reminding myself how many margaritas per hour I was making 
my dad just referred to me and my boobs as 'the three of you' 
Motor boating, judging by the amount of lipstick I found I would say between 6 to 8 times 
I need to keep friends like you around just in case hell grades on a curve. 
She took off her pants and it was like seeing an old friend. 
I should hang a sign above my bed that says "get hard or go home." 
shes still asleep dad put a lobster in her bathroom 
I could swear I did coke with Jesus last night 
All the walks of shame were condensed into the hour before parents started showing up. Move out day is so bittersweet 
i think im the only person who makes thank you cards for their drug dealer 
My mother's day gift to my mother is to promise never to tell her 95&#37; of the stories I've accumulated in my life. 
I find it ironic that im starting my birth control on mothers day. 
how do i tell him I'm always in the mood without sounding like a slut? 
You drunk dialed me talking about the stages of mitosis. There is no way you didn't ace your bio final 
but he used his one phone call to call mom and wish her happy mothers day, that's gotta count for somethin 
just overheard a conversation that ended in "and that's what I learned in France" How could that not have been about sex 
You know you hit rock bottom when you make out with a guy named after a cereal. 
I'm beginning to feel kind of at home at Police stations 
It's not mothers day until you're vomitting syrup into grandma's toilet. Cherish the holidays 
my mom just asked me, concerned, if I swallowed. 
you handed me your bra at the bar and said 'hold my purse' 
my mothers day present is going to be not puking at the table during brunch 
You know what is really helpful - when the two guys you want to fuck stand next to each other. Stay tuned for who wins 
I sent the random girl I had sex with last night a 'happy mothers day' text as a reminder to get the morning after pill. 
I love how you are more concerned with what i call my penis than the fact i wanna bone some high school chicks 
I'm proud of our boobs and what they could potentially achieve in life. 
how come everytime i call mom shes doing tequila shots 
Just an fyi, teatherball while wasted might be the hardest sport ever. 
I'm officially "accidentally set myself on fire" drunk 
Its the little things i like about bein home like having actual toilet paper instead of subway napkins 
I mean we havent seen each other since december and then bam its cinco de mayo and were having sex under a life guard tower taking tequila shots between each position. no big deal 
Passed out for 3 hrs til now to wake up naked on my bed covered with grass from drunk slip and slide I would call that success 
He got so drunk that he tried hitting on a girl using nothing but his Samuel L. Jackson soundboard application on his Iphone 
his tattoo said carpe diem which i thought was ironic considering his epilepsy 
its like she was born with a silver dick in her mouth 
This is random, but did i give u a handjob in the middle of the night or was that a dream? 
I don't know what part of vegas I'm in but its definately the wrong part 
giving a 30 min presentation still drunk is like giving birth, upside down in a pit of snakes while being on fire. 
he asked me to smell his eyeballs. 
The only good thing about trampolines when you're fucked up is the gushing blood really cleans all the bad coke out of your nose. 
My parents foreign exchange student just walked in on me whacking off. Welcome to America :&#41; 
We are the drunkest people in Toys R' Us right now 
This glow in the dark vibrator will get me through this power outage 
does anyone know how to get red sharpie out of a white cat? 
I just saw an old lady yelling at a dead pigeon for leaving the oven on. 
I think i found piece of your tooth in my dick this morning when i took a shower 
hearing that almost makes me feel good about peeing on the coffee table 
id like to point out that while i was just peeing a condom fell out of my vag. 
Is sexting at a funeral morally wrong? 
you just used a box of cheese-its to get into the bar 
well after this past weeked you can expect to see me on maury playing a little game called "who's the father" 
you know you made it when your beer pong table is made from imported italian hardwood 
i just sold back the books i vomitted on 
Clothes are such an inconvenience. 
i was trying to find the best way to say come over and have sex, without saying it. 
the vast amounts of cleavage i'm sporting to my final says "no, I didn't study but don't worry I've got something lined up for when I don't graduate". 
some people wear their heart on their sleeve but you just wear your vagina on your face. 
Don't EVER smell your tampon 
when my professor asked "does anyone know what streches across south america" and a kid in the back row said "my exgirfriends vagina" i knew i was at home. 
and honestly a story about how you met your future husband that DOESN'T include the words "creeped him on facebook" is really not a story worth sharing 
I'm going to skip that pointless convo with Mark, stick with the "we're talking" status, and bone barely legal, borderline gay, preppy guys on the DL. 
Just TALKING to him is better than banging my bf, imagine what actual banging will be like. 
Ive been sitting around naked watching magic on youtube. 
Kinda felt bad though cuz she whimpered and shuttered a lot, i felt like i was kicking a puppy, only the puppy liked it and came a bunch 
he was so drunk I had to hold him up and he started crying when he heard an ambulance siren and said "is that for me?" 
I think I breastfed the cat at some point during the night, at least that's what my nipples are saying 
he had a blacklight sublime poster, of course i had to do him. 
FYI : beer farts in the morning chase women right out of bed! 
Judging by the fact that my hair was glued to my head with vomit, yeah I think I couldve used a friend last night 
i used the phrase horny rhinos in my paper. i hope my teacher appreciates the size of my balls 
you were asking all the dicks on chatroulette if they had daddy issues 
the way i see it, im about one adderall binge away from graduating 
Well ya in hindsight obviously offering the cop a jello shot was a bad idea 
the choice between paying your electricity bill and getting herpes medicine is a tough one. 
I just realized I used lady gaga lyrics in my research paper on marie antoinette 
i just realized the only form of arm exercise i get is holding my arms up in the stand up tanning booth 
You tipped the bathroom lady $20 and then yelled "IT'S YOUR LUCKY DAAAAAAAY" at her. 
and i had to drink on "never have i ever unsuccessfully tried to seduce a virgin ginger" 
Halloween has nothing on dressing up as as the INS on cinco de mayo 
Plus apparently whenever one of her friends loses their virginity they get a party with a funfetti cake which I found funny 
I'm so ready for finals. She finally agreed to skypesex me from spain so now i'm up until 4am studying every morning waiting for her to get online 
any chance you can send me your legal ethics outline, in exchange for say, me buying you a lapdance the next time we go to the strip club? 
Good to know: if a hot girls asks to go back to my place, she probably just needs to vomit all over my bathroom 
She was so wet my fingers were literally pruney when I got done with her 
I hated hipsters before it was mainstream. 
Training to be a housewife: cleaning the house and masturbating while cookies are in the oven. 
he was shitfaced drunk and couldn't walk but could still recite the top 10 in order from the first season of american idol. impressive 
i looked up his schedule, waited outside his classroom, and handed him the receipt for plan b 
Too bad my thesis topic isn't "defining a hot mess: a study in drinking, smoking and other bad life decisions." 
You are the patron saint of my drinking problem. 
my mom just emptied my water bottle filled with vodka into the turtle tank. 
I'm stoned and have been watching so many cartoons that I changed the channel and real people were on, and it scared me 
Any questions about why there was a scuba tank chilling in the hot tub this morning? 
I'm at the bar and they've turned up lady gaga to cover the sound of the fire alarm. 
So there is a guy driving a robot around the college of engineering selling energy drinks 
he opened up his "box of magic": a crusty tube of KY jelly, three expired condoms, a fingertip vibrater, and a jar of marshmallow fluff. 
My #1 goal this summer is to get drunk at olive garden 
bring money and cleavage 
Between the two of us weve fucked every guy at this table 
My 10 year old brother handed me a pack of condoms and said "here, i don't wanna be an uncle yet." 
so exactly how many freshman chicks did i tell to call me "the tripod"? 
I didnt shave my beard last night, so I could feel it while Im shrooming today 
I wonder if he just picks random boners to send or just the realy impressive ones 
So how many shot glasses of coffee grounds make a pot? 
You told him how lucky he was to be an elephant and kept trying to grab his "trunk" 
sorry for making everyone realize you look like bruce jenner 
Someones car got stolen, everyone is yelling, and im drunk just sayin yeah buddy over and over again 
The lack of pants and amount of productivity in my life right now is amazing. 
Just got back from my 9:00 am class to find my roommate soaking her lifesaver gummies in vodka so she can have them for a snack in class later. 
I was passed out on the couch, she literally cut my boxers off with a 8" chef's knife and had her way with me. 
i saw a stretcher and literally ran around for 10 minutes telling people it wasnt for me 
so i just calculated it and i would need to score 150&#37; on this final to pass 
Just stole a pregnancy test from Wegmans because I didn't want to pay 13 dollars to find out my life is over. 
No i dont need Magnum Condoms, that would be like putting MC Hammer pants on my dick 
your ability to fuck hot guys even when you go out in sweats amazes me 
As soon as he told me I had a 'pretty laugh' I knew I'd be putting out more than I had originally planned. 
i dont know what it was but it was definately NOT a vagina 
how do you say "fuck me and leave bruises" in italian? 
the last thing i remember is inserting the sippy stray into the jack daniel's. 
I drew a venn diagram at the top of my final comparing stuff i know and stuff on the test. 
Dude you can't just initiate a threesome via twitter 
when i was ordering pizza, the guy muffled the phone but i could clearly hear him say "its that drunk bitch again" 
For someone who "only drinks patron" your lack of pickiness with men alarms me 
You tried to tip the paramedic for finding you. 
We had sex on the hood of my car and broke the windshield. 
Now there's vomit covered trash all over the front lawn. I feel accomplished 
I just peed in the Schreyer honors college shrubbery. Thanks honors students, you're finally good for something 
We should never set our expectations higher than pizza bagels cause then our night is bound to get better 
You were running around with scissors offering people free haircuts. 
i have a new found respect for you. the amount of people you must have cockblocked last night is amazing 
just a heads up, there may or may not be a mailbox full of the leftover beer on the table in your basement. 
scratch lunch, i just found about 7 more dicks drawn on my back 
I JUST WANT SOMEBODY TO EXPLAIN HOW FORESKIN WORKS AND DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHY THIS IS A PROBLEM. 
She makes me want to have breakfast margaritas every day 
I just threw up during my phone interview for the largest PR firm in the world. 
His ankle bracelet only gets in the way when I'm trying to take off his pants. 
All I remember from my 21st is crying because the bouncer made him put his shirt back on 
It's never good when you wake up covered with burns 
i just went to use the bathroom this morning and I couldn't because there was someone puking in every stall. i'm going to miss the dorms this summer 
Charging the asians next door to us $5 a page to print their final papers because theirs broke. Bars close in 2 hours, lets go 
it was like he was trying to blow his nose in my vagina 
Talk about the highs and lows of a night out: had a threesome, then got robbed at knifepoint. 
I may be the first guy in history to get dome while watching An Extremely Goofy Movie. 
Just saw the hottest 4 garbage men ever. They should make a calendar 
maybe we can find two twins tonight and bang them together and then my life is complete 
My favorite part was when he stopped, looked up in the middle of performing oral sex and asked, "you did know it was Arbor Day, right?" 
Its like a 4.5 hour drive but there's drinking involved so I'm destined to go 
Defiantly just threw away our yearly bottle collection in front of the campus tour. The school should pay me for recruitment 
Sundays have taken on a whole new meaning when I'm not in bed with an excruciating hangover. 
chatroulette drinking game turned into a foursome. 
So at what point while he was throwing up on the girl next to him did you think "yeah, im going to hit that" 
Just saw the first guy i ever slept with in drag. I can hear my grandfather saying "i knew she was a lesbian" somewhere 
Thank God for cruise control and the Starbucks cup I had to puke in. 
the semester isnt officially over until i take the batteries out of my calculator and put them back into my vibrator 
And now that i don't feel so bad because you're not pregnant the $15 for the pregnancy test I bought would be appreciated 
i woke up next to the toilet with a chipped tooth, somebody elses shirt on, and a random guys id in my pocket 
I made a google map for "places I got blow jobs" 
idk if ive ever seen a picture of him on facebook with his pants on 
I don't think requesting him as a BBM contact is proper protocol following vomming in his bed. 
Not even the dog will look at me anymore. 
It feels like Jesus smacked me in the face with the new testament for drinking so much last night 
I like how washing the beer bong is now a regular part of washing the dishes. 
Don't take this the wrong way but I just mistook a trash can for you 
this mix will be the most desperate cry for affection in the history of itunes. 
nyquil sex gave me 6 orgasms so I support that 
Her boobs more than make up for all the flaws with her personality. 
Dude I pulled down his pants and he already had a condom on 
you kept say ridiculous things then repeating them in perfect classical latin. You are onee intelligent drunk 
yup, got lost on my way to the final. maybe i should have gone to this class all semester 
positive spin of the day: since my nose is blocked from allergies cleaning the puke this morning was much easier 
whenever music plays i find myself always doing kegels to the beat. its like the new foot-tapping 
I didn't exactley write on my bucket list -- "hook up with a townie at a drivers intervention program" 
You weren't lying about those ceramics students giving the best hand jobs. 
he literally had a slideshow of all the girls hes had sex with pictures set to american woman 
You never realize how many sex toys you have until you have to strategically hide them while moving out of your dorm. 
i did make 45 jello shots and that makes me feel more productive then any paper would 
We lost the cork forthe wine, so we used a tampon as a replacement. I never loves tampons so much 
I dont know if he should be happy or mad about it but he's too big for a blow job. 
Tomorrow will not be complet unless someone eats me out. Just sayin 
I am the poster child for what not to do during sex. Soon they will be calling an undesired position after me 
Thats two for two birthdays where I've gotten the "alcoholism runs in the family" speech 
coulda been worse. everyone in the drunk tank got free mcdonalds breakfast 
i keep forgetting that not all of my female friends are bisexual. 
After waking up today, I would like to find the Jesus preachers on campus to ask for help in asking for forgiveness to God. 
I've never had a woman show me her venereal disease results in a bar before. 
I just had one of those moments where i was really sad that i'll never get to be asian. 
I just shot gunned a beer for your birthday alone because you're too hungover at midnight to get out of bed. I'm not sure which of us is the bigger loser 
How much explanation does bbqsexapalooza need? 
hey got me stoned for the first time when i was 14. there is no bond stronger 
He just became a fan of Chelsea Handler on Facebook. WHY DO I ALWAYS PICK THE GAY ONE 
i went through the entire semester and only just now realized there's a girl in my history class that i've hooked up with. 
gettin drunk isnt as much fun when i can use my own id for it 
do guys with small dicks even attempt to pursue romantic relationships? 
just bailed mom out of jail. Tell me i'm not the favorite child 
whats a positive sounding word for "exploit"? 
We haven't even started dating yet but I already decided I'm going to cheat on her 
Is it creepy to message a girl and say you had me at stocked liquor cabinet? 
he nicknamed his dick "too big to fail" 
Goose bottles do NOT make good bowling pins 
i think the date started going downhill when i mentioned how many therapists i have 
it appears as though my vagina has gotten the best of me again 
this kid just offered me adderall in exchange for my meal points. college at its finest 
I want to tell you about my weekend in person so I can see your look of judgement and disgust. 
he used his one phone call on me and it said "you have a collect call from- LETS GET IT- at the montgomery county jail". 
he let me duct tape his mouth because i said it was my fetish, i really just wanted him to shut up 
It was the gentlest way I could hit on a girl who just got hit by a car 
Just because your phone has a case on it doesn't mean it will survive a 5 story drop out the window. 
apparently he was unaware pussies come in unshaved form. curse you redtube and your unholy lies 
When you gave me the first bj i thought 'yep, this girl is going to do great things with her life' 
Well he paid for dinner, so I paid for the Plan B, but the parking ticket I got is totally his responsibility. 
Nothing makes my dick softer than hot girls in rain boots. 
It's happening again. I feel like I'm under water and my heart beat matches "Teenage Wasteland" 
i wish there was a photo editing effect that fully opened my drunk eyes 
As I was going down on her I noticed she had a tatoo on her inner thigh that said "Eat it like your birthday cake". 
his penis was the training wheels of my sex life 
i just entered cocaine into my calorie counter. 
his receeding hairline makes running into him so much less awkward. almost enjoyable actualy 
at least 'blackout me' had enough sense to take the puke covered duvet off the comforter. 
you puked out of a dead sleep and didnt wake up 
is it bad that upon arriving to my fourth sex toy party the sex toy lady instantly recognizes me? 
I'm drinking a margarita out of my 'best bj' trophy and it tastes like victory. 
There's a girl at 7-11 apologizing for her behavior and asking if she can get her shoes back. 
I woke up at 2 pm to my roommate checking my pulse. 
I don't care how hungover you are were not listening to enya 
I guess you don't realize how much twelve bags of chips are, until they're all over your floor. 
DO NOT FUCK HIM ON MY BEAN BAG CHAIR 
tailgaiting my last final, a perfect sendoff. 
You kept whispering, no one does me like Jimmy Johns does me. 
Just found out its our ciliated mucous membrane that traps the molly when we snort it. Biology does relate to life 
He was so bad, he was dry humping me and his dick was nowhere close to my vagina. 
it was just fiscally responsible to stop going to strip clubs where the strippers recognized me 
So, does it mean i'm loose if he can't even tell when he fell out? 
Random fact of the day: cum is a really good eye makeup remover 
Just used the salt in the bottom of my mcdonalds bag from last night on the eggs i made this morning. Way too hungover for this 
I think need to divide my DVD collection into "movies I've seen" and "movies I've only seen during sex" 
I intend to get homeless drunk 
In debating whether or not it's worth getting out of bed and walking 5 feet down the hallway to go to the bathroom before I puke 
I convinced a girl to do a shot of salsa someone fell through the whole on the porch and Sara swallowed a beer tab 
all they had in the fridge was rum and filled water balloons 
i'm pretty sure i just ruined some dude's romantic riverside sunset proposal by running outside and puking in a bush. 
Just had a drunken guest at my hotel threaten to "throw a fuckin fireball at my face" 
no guy is ever going to take you seriously as a potential marriage prospect unless you learn to swallow 
Does my status still say I suck cocks? I don't know how to change it 
and unfortunately for you, hallmark doesnt make a "sorry i was getting a blowie in the backseat of your car while you were driving, projectiled my jizz onto your hand, and caused you to crash" card 
So, I just sold my textbook to have money for Plan B. 
i spelled "betch" that way on purpose, don't question my abilities as a drunk texter 
We've got 2 weeks of college left-I want to feel like Gary Busey by graduation. 
Bars not open yet, I feel like a desperate alcoholic wandering around outside. 
I could literally track my booty calls if I ever got knocked up by my parking tickets 
no today was horrible, i woke up and somebody slit my car tire and left an apology letter in my wiper that said "sorry wrong house" 
New drinking game: take a shot everytime Jay-Z is played during the NFL draft. 
The doctor wrote 'condom retrieval' on my discharge paper. 
i'm 67&#37; sure he was trying to sing in hawaiian 
I fucked her to her "thinking of him" playlist. Sucks to be that guy haha 
I think I am the only girl in the world who would be proud of these scars from rug burn. 
I'm at the grocery store, it's 10 am and the woman in front of me just bought 3 boxes of wine. She turned around and told me not to be afraid 
I get a nice feeling when i open my fridge and see it filled with thirty beers and half a leftover jimmy johns pickle. 
just found out i fit into magnum condums. this is going to be the best weekend ever 
it's kind of nice to have a picture of me making out with someone and actually know who it is for once 
You found Muppets From Space a little too intense, so you just sorta sat on the ground and stared at the wall plug for an hour and a half. 
The night was doomed the minute I started taking shots with an apple as a chaser. 
no memory loss, but i'm unhappy with my memories 
And whoever invented the condom should be put to death. 
My favorite part about you getting arrested is having to explain the prosthetic leg in the front seat. 
Just saw a white bronco on my way home from work and the license plate said "NOT OJ" 
Wouldn't pinatas filled with coke be awesome idea for cinco de mayo? 
My grandma paid her handyman in pain killers. I now know why this is in my genes 
I'm talking like I woke up and her bra was spinning around caught on my ceiling fan 
Nothing quite says America like barbecue and beer at 9 in the morning. 
splinters make it hard to masturbate 
Checked out the free sonogram van on campus and got a free DVD of my sweet food baby. 
there really is only one way to give a PowerPoint presentation in your senior capstone class: still drunk. 
She said her first boyfreind was so small she is still technically a virgin. 
My grandma just told me that she sharted, no I am not having fun in El Paso. 
Doctor took one look at my penis and said, 'you don't have herpes, you just masturbate too much' 
Definitely got drunk and sent her a literal picture of my asshole. I titled it " you" 
Did she have bad breath? Bad breath makes you think of all the bad things in the world 
Is it bad that on the course evaluation it said "do you normally try harder than other students in class" and i circled "absolutely false"? 
I realized i make the same noise when i get a blow job as when i eat pizza 
There's been so much talk around your vagina it's like a local celebrity 
I need to stop sleeping with republicans and cowboys fans. 
The hospital said it would be 'irresponsible' for them to allow people to book stomach pumps. 
Changing from sweatpants to jeans at 3 in the afternoon makes the day seem so much more productive than it actually was. 
Pregaming class all semester has made this final review session more like my introduction to the topic. 
Two girls are doing the worm relatively well on the bar floor after the fact I just saw one puke in the trash 
God dammit, you have a cape and I don't even have a fucking jacket. 
I made $300 today by selling pizza @ $4 a slice to nerds who refuse to leave the library. God I love finals time 
The cab driver referred to me as his little gumdrop, im sure he won't feel the same when he sees the vomit all over his floor. 
we couldnt tell if he was gay so we started working glee quotes into the conversation to see if he noticed. 
he had a sign stolen from the tennis court hanging above his bed that said, "please limit play to one hour while others are waiting" 
I remember saying "sorry" to the blunt before throwing it out the window 
As your boss, I feel obligated to tell you that turning our management meeting into a kegger may just be the best idea you've given me yet. 
She literally thanked me for asking before I put in her ass 
i was getting a blow-job tonight in the mens bathroom of a bar and the bouncer comes in and says "bro i don't mean to cock block but you cant do that here." 
Is it a bad thing I remember to take my birth control when I stumble across guys I've had sex with on facebook? 
i was trying to wake him up so i just kept touching his dick 
got hammered last night, woke up this morning to 38 texts that varied from "you fucking asshole" to "i can be there in 10 minutes" 
Is it sad that I woke up to more "Happy Holidays" texts on 4/20 than I did on Christmas? 
The words "my birth control fell out" should never be spoken 
I had to sleep with my math professor to pass algebra. Apparently my blowjobs are only C&#43; quality 
Fat spanish girl grinding against air conditioner. ive seen everything now 
I cant wait for your democrat phase to be over. 
Fact: my bamboo plant has grown 2 &amp; 1/2 inches since I started watering it with bong water 
dont worry, it'll just be a conversation starter like "why did you get that pierced?" or "wow, i got arrested there too" 
I got 70 on my final, or put differently, I got a "still graduating" on my final. 
officially spring now- first drug bust of the season across the street. 
almost just walked around my whole building with my bowl in my hand before i remembered 420 isnt a get out of jail free card 
Fire inspection over. Blunts are OK 
he said I was the best sex he's ever had, handed me a burger king crown and told me to take my walk of shame with pride 
I'm not sure where but someone shit somewhere in the house 
i just realized i put more money and effort into 420 then i did for christmas 
I looked at her and said "I now pronounce you pumpkin tits" 
Our phone convo was getting intense. Then I heard her say "quiet mommy is trying to have phone sex" 
He said finals are more important than getting stoned on 4/20. I'm proud in a disappointing kinda way 
Would it be cruel if i sold xanax instead of adderall to freshman unfamiliar to the drug-taking profession? 
Dude, we're at Einstein's Bagels and the dude next to us is spreading cannabutter on his bagel. 
I want to frame my negative pregnancy test. 
med student doing my blood work at the AIDS clinic just hit on me after I told him i was having unprotected sex, but didn't think i had HIV. 
Wake and baked to watch the boston marathon. God I love massachusetts 
you do realize eating doritos and gatorade as a breakfast hangover cure is only acceptable for one more month - then we have to grow up 
I asked him how he was going to celebrate tomorrow and he said "tits, clits, and bong hits" 
making an appointment with student health services to check out my pinkeye on 4/20. they are going to thing this is such a joke 
he was already passed out before we got there, so i already knew i was going to like him 
it's like i can feel the ghost of his dick still inside me 
You know the gilmore girls would be alright if it was on mute the whole time 
i dunno what you eat but your cum is all over my underwear and it smells like pretzels 
So how do we make 4/20 better than every other day we are stoned? 
weed brownie and a latte, breakfast of champions 
there are 2 things i love giving: blowjobs &amp; backrubs. how can i tell them that without sounding like a slut 
Only your vagina holds the key to what happened last night. 
this is no time to have dignity 4/20 is coming 
I know it is almost summer when the students in my night class start showing up drunk. 
Her birthday cake consisted of a shot of tequila with a candle in it 
mom and dad are leaving for florida on 4/20, this is a sign 
i don't care what you say, the winery is open and 10am is NOT too early to go barrel tasting 
He was trying to put his hand up my shirt but I remembered the coke was stashed in my bra so I moved his hand to my pants 
The plus side of allergy season is that after our weekend coke binge my runny nose fits right in. 
how convenient is it that the kid i'm fucking lives right next to planned parenthood? 
All I've accomplished this quarter is making Uno an acceptable drinking game. 
Gonna post on craigs list missed connections - "I was that really drunk bitch that threw up in your car. I'd like to pay for detailing" 
and yes, the jail cell in Citi Field does have a big Mets symbol in it 
There are some college kids out at 4 in the morning dragging each other on a sled behind a bike. its too entertaining to call the cops 
yea i guess its safe to say fire extinguishers are not synonymous with whip cream cans 
a lot of self evaluation comes after you have to clean up a trashcan of your own vomit and condoms 
how do i word it so it doesnt sound like im asking him if he has ever been in jail. 
so I'm in athletic shorts, a suit jacket and I'm still drunk at 6:30am at the last leg of relay for life 
That weatherman I hooked up with is on TV again 
Just snuck alcohol into the hospital for my mom. 
Everyone was high fiveing on their a walks of shame home. God im gonna miss college life 
I just made my bed perfectly before realizing that I'll be too drunk to appreciate it tonight 
theyre selling pepper spray in the courtyard. hellooo atl 
Dude you can't like a status about me getting hit by a car 
The guy in the library beside me just whipped out an entire loaf of bread, a knife and a container of peanut butter and is proceeding to make multiple sandwiches. 
Just saw a guy doing jumping jacks at the gym. I don't even have to create a punch line for that 
Hungover Fun Fact #4: Eating a grilled stuffed burrito WILL make you blow chunks in the ice maker at work. 
So, after having sex with my 4th overweight girl in 2 weeks, I've decided Charlie Sheen syndrome is ruining my life. 
Yeah I'm buying him lunch right now because I shot him with the fire extinguisher last night 
There's a level of bonding between people at the liquor store at 10:30 in the morning that's unrivaled 
trust me, there is no more disappointing feeling in the world than waking up at 4 in the morning with a random half naked chick in your bed and then realizing your roommates girlfriend just wandered into the wrong room. 
just witnessed some guy trade his friend $5 and a condom for his keys. 
He gave Paula abdoul a run for her crazy 
She introduced herself and then asked "have you ever fucked a girl with a cast?" 
So I purposely left a bunch of metal in my pockets so that the smokin hot TSA officer would give me a pat down. Airport security just got fun 
He said I was the smartest girl he had ever dated, that should have been a sign from the beginning 
When i look at that picture of him, i'm a little proud to be like yeah, his dick was in my mouth saturday no big deal. 
NEWS FLASH: A bottle of wine can fit into a taco bell cup. 
I negotiated the purchase of an entire tray of like 50 jello shots for $8. 
I can't wait until weight watchers comes out with a beer 
well he's currently spooning the coffee table 
you told the bartender not to open the bottle because you were gonna put it in your purse in case you get cut off later 
im trying not to drink and cry in the same night anymore. i'll let you know how it goes 
we ate a 40 pack of string cheese and watched an entire washing machine cycle. 
I just heard the term negative masterbation and I don't believe it 
i just made a "things you cannot forget to do this week just because you're high" list. 
I'd say this is worse than that time when I realized that my favorite bath toy growing up was my Mom's douche bottle. 
His glasses broke on the way to the bar aNd he ended up talking to this butterface all night. I didn't have the heart to tell him 
He's paying me $45 to clean his room and $55 if i find the oxy that he lost. 
I probably should have cut it off when he started putting queso on my nipples, but within ten minutes I was a self-serve burrito bar. 
It's hard for me to sext him when the picture i see on my phone when he texts me is his facebook default of him and his girlfriend. 
you woke up and yelled "the tv is moving" and fell on the floor and passed back out 
Just did free shots of tequila at a walmart. Hello Mexico 
When she can manipulate the direction of her leg hair, you know its time to leave 
I love how I just got my coachella ticket and ecstasy in a package deal. 
remeber the saying "bad choices make good memories" dude our bad choices dont even make memories. 
It's underwear night and I am literally in the bar wearing nothing but underwear and flip flops. 
I love seeing you outside of a bar. It's like seeing a dog walk on its hind legs 
her name was charlotte except you kept calling her chatroulette and yelling at her to show you her boobs 
just heard someone say they saw a guy puke while riding a bike across campus without stopping 
You've ruined blow jobs for me. You were the motzart of sucking dick, where every other girl is like awkward elevator music 
Operation Purity has been aborted 
just to let you know coffee and vodka was a bad way to start the day 
so when we were booking the hotel and plane tickets for vegas we reserved a chapel for someone, it's inevitable. 
his Mom's staying with him so he asked if I'd go over and fuck in his shed. he said "it's a really nice shed" 
i only understood the part that said mucho orgasmos 
He's either a really good actor or an actual prince, I'm fine with both so I'll sleep with him. 
I can blatently call girls sluts here and they think i'm speaking norwegian 
There are no words to adequately express my gratitude for sending me porn you found staring a former classmate. 
Just got done reading an 11 page essay for class. Took me three fucking days and the only thing I have highlighted is the name "Alexander Cockburn" 
I just had a flashback to last nights party, I'm pretty sure I told most of the people there that I post a masturbation schedule for an iCal download. 
just got a girls number while on a 5 am adderall cig break this is college at its finest 
i saw his dick when we were four, so thats kind of ruined for me now 
He's pole dancing on a heat lamp. 
Having sex with her is like doing taxes, Happens once a year and I usually end up paying. 
It was an igloo shaped doghouse, I was obligated to hotbox it 
Pre-order weed for 4/20 and i'll give you a discount. 
Why does my right nut always hang lower than my left nut? 
areolas are like halos for boobs. 
He told us that was the only place he could get service when we found him in the closet passed out with a beer 
I'll tell you what, we couldn't have asked for better binge-drinking weather. 
Also, I once came to the conclusion after this one boy, that her pleasure condoms are a college boys version of flowers 
I need to write the inventor of adderall a thank you note stapled to a copy of my degree 
How do you say "I always respond to booty calls" when you give a guy your number? 
I am sitting on the floor by my oven watching my cookie dough blossom. This is a whole new level of fat 
when i start to cry when i lose at mario kart is when you should put me to bed 
Haha he acted like he's never seen a tampon catapolt across the hall before 
I just sneezed alcohol in a candle and started a fire. 
Since when does a beard not count as proof of age at the liquor store? 
please remind me not to sleep with group members until after finals week. 
I may have just googled Muppet Treasure Island drinking game 
It's going to be nice going to the airport without drugs taped to my balls like last year. 
The lawn was on fire, but I fixed it. 
You know whats sad? As I walk past the campus daycare i cant help think, look at those drunk mistakes 
well after we realized that his best friend and my twin sister were hooking up it was kind of an unsopken agreement that we would too 
I'm telling everyone at work the mark on my neck is a hickey but really I was taking a shit while straightening my hair and burned myself 
She is wearing lilly and pearls while drinking natty from a monogrammed coozie. If that isn't a sorosititue I don't know what is 
we could easily be the first people to smoke 3 bowls and pound a Four Loco before goin on a tour of the Tillamook cheese factory 
why didn't you say something constructive like "stop chugging that vodka"? 
Fact: Telling a guy he has erectile dysfunction doesn't solve the problem. 
there are certain things about getting into a cab to go home at 630 am that make me feel like a prostitute. 
He passed out mid-signature 
Baffled as to how I'm gonna get 150lbs of sand out of my basement. 
I just delivered a ham and cheese to a strip club. you were right this job is not that bad 
I just saw a guy in the gym riding the bicycle while watching baseball and dipping. 
The sign in front of ihop says "designated drivers get half off their order" 
if we break up, who will get the dealer? 
Have you ever made a sandwich from swedish fish and tortilla chips? 
I can do anything tonight that doesnt involve an erection. 
btw, her name was actually Alixx. in retrospect, it was pretty much a gimme 
counting down the days left of school on my birth control packet. 
we had you propped up in a chair and fed you donuts. i've never seen you happier 
i don't think it's normal to still be missing spring break. 
My vagina has officially become a vortex for sexually confused frat guys. 
I wanna tell red shirt guy I'm pregnant and use the abortion money for Coachella. 
I'm in the library if you wanna come give me library head. 
today is monday, i feel like we should do something illegal 
After a valiant attempt at golf, I think it's time for Tiger to go back to doing what he does best- having sex w/ blond, white women. 
I dont think that drinking by ourselves on a saturday night counts as being "fun alcoholics" 
On a side note, I now know what a $150 cab ride looks like 
after last nights cooking expirments i have lost all faith in the fire alarm battery 
You have to understand, this is the first time I'm looking at a whopper sober. 
im vomiting on the 4th floor cause no one knows me there 
Its really not funny anymore. I need to stop shaving while i'm drunk 
i'm drinking with a bunch of phds, i feel very stupid but good about my drinking abilities 
I knew she could be a good mother by the way she craddled three 40oz's. 
The coffee and champagne are fighting over who gets to absorb the one pancake in my stomach 
i made it my goal to pee in the sink of every apartment we went to last night. i didnt use the toilet once 
I envy you so much. I get girls who pee on my floor and you get girls who leave in the middle of the night 
My own mom unfriended me on Facebook. 
i dont even know how to be here 
i cleaned the weed out of my bowl, pretended it was a spoon and ate oatmeal with it. my mom cried 
I didnt believe in cockblocking untill my roomate brought home that. 
you make it seem like sunflower seeds and pinot grigio are not in the food pyramid. 
funny how all you have to say is "i'm infertile" and boys are stoked on you 
Completly hung over at midnight, I knew there was a downside to drinking at 2pm 
she's not going to take you seriously with an empty 40 and a sombrero on your head. 
Well hello freshman 15, didn't see you there until I tried on last years summer clothes. 
We were sexting and then the radio announced robert pattinson would be playing kurt cobain in a movie and it totally killed the mood 
you kept running around the room with a flask shouting "so much room for activities!" then someone tripped you and you passed out 
He doesn't know I'm infertile yet, that's when the sex gets good 
she woke up, said "please dont tell me your name, i dont want to remember it" 
Dude, we somehow need to leave discretely with the toilet brush. 
This morning my doorman told me it was an accomplishment for me to be standing and conscious after last night. 
Her best friend sent her a random hate text and the song they played at her father's funeral came on the radio. I just got cock blocked by the universe 
idk if its the weather or the "im still drunk" or the morning sex i just had with my roommates gf but that was def the most enjoyable walk in the rain ever 
I told him we couldn't have sex because I was ovulating and "I come from fertile people." 
Just had to explain to the nurse WHERE I have poison ivy. Great Day 
How do you tell someone they are only invited if they put out? 
Is it bad to go up to the security desk and ask them for the name of the guy I signed in last night? I have absolutley no clue 
I'm pretty sure God is rooting for me with this two gf thing 
I need to remember that good judgment goes out the window after the 7th shot and the 3rd Lady GaGa song. 
his dick got so hard in his pants and it broke his zipper 
hes totally cute, too bad i slept with his father 
i was calling myself "cat the lion" and tried eating the computer mouse because i thought it was "my prey" 
I think I just puked all over my comforter and my roomdmate won't wakt up to washc it for me 
So i literally just wrote sorry on my quiz and turned it in. 
He just kept telling me how to do certain things. It was like I was fucking my sex ed teacher 
You guys need to stop introducing me as "the girl you shared" 
this bucketlist has just become an excuse for me to be slutty, and i'm not even ashamed 
we hate each other therefore the sex is mindblowing 
His shopping cart was nothing but malt liquor and zucchini. 
Dude apparently i ran into the middle of a half marathon last night and some how won 
she was carrying the quesadilla around the bar like a security blanket 
i need to know the scientific term for a guy's taint so i can explain what i did last night. 
A relator touring our house this week saw the picture in our bathroom of steven passed out, yellow faced, with BALLS on his forehead, and had to ask "if that kid was alive or dead". 
is it bad that listening to the rabbi's wife talk about how we should only be with one person is making me really, really horny for no string attached sex 
mom just found 19 empty wine bottles in my closet. i hate spring cleaning 
when she asked me if it was possible to swim under north america i knew it was time to leave. 
And then the cop told me my court date was on 4/20. I said come onn u really gunna do me like that 
she came to the game with a camelback filled with booze. except it was only the bag part so she duct taped to her back 
I just realized I use Twitter to keep of track of when I get drunk. 
I got a handjob from a sober married woman in a parking lot in the middle of the day, yet you still cant manage to get laid by a drunk single slut at the bar at 1am. Wtf 
that's almost as bad as that time i almost ashed in a baby carriage 
i cant talk right now. we are trying to finish our homework so we can play with play-doh 
Mustard is by no means a replacement for yellow wall paint 
Important life lesson - flammable and inflammable mean the same thing 
i recognized the place by the puke stain i left on the pool table when i hooked up with his roommate. 
i mean he wasn't bad looking, but i wouldn't have slept with my professor if i knew everyone would get an A 
he told me he once ran a blackmarket liquor store out of his house. thats all it took for me to go home with him 
What do you mean when you say no pre-party sex? 
I hate drunken dyslexia, i thought she said "someone to do" not "something to do" long story short i now have a restraining order. 
I don't understand how anyone could look at him and think, 'Yeah, that's a good idea.' 
vegan vag taste different. and not a good different 
she wants me to meet her parents and she hasn't even met my penis yet. 
Would it be inappropriate to do lines in front of the cable guy? 
I'm not saying he has herpes, I'm just saying he slept with my friend that has herpes. 
we went to the store to buy cookie dough and conditionally went straight towards the booze 
I don't know if this beer pong partnership can last if you refuse to look me in the eye when we make sweet sweet clutch cup at the same time. 
he legitimately fell asleep standing up at the club. everyone was impressed 
i need to find a birthday card for her that tells her how happy i am that i can now legally bang her 
I didn't know people actually cried after sex. 
Is it possible to make a milkshake in a martini shaker or am I gonna need a blender? 
How do u explain cocaine to a 9 year old? 
All I remember was the chick screaming "don't hookup with him! His dick's the size of a cucumber" 
You know you're hung over when your pose in art class is lying face down on the platform 
Throw up on the ground, people dancing to loud Bollywood music, seats literally missing. Fuck I hate public transit 
I'm at the casino and some dude apparently has money in an entire row of slot machines. Its like watching a really intense adult version of wack a mole 
once I found out that a naked stripper wasn't gonna pop out of the cake I kind of just lost interest in the party 
it was like brushing your tongue but with a fucking long toothbrush. 
No mine's bigger. It just looks smaller because I'm drunk 
Found a bar with a washer and dryer and they serve food. I never have to leave 
I just told a dude I hooked up with last night he was the pick of the litter. 
i feel like my life is a cheap remake of American Pie 
Being college poor has reached a new low. I am giving up on masturbating so i can save money on toilet paper 
He won't talk to me. He'll only communicate using scissors 
i wish i was a boy too so i knew what a blow job felt like 
I think we should make Neil Patrick Harris a permanent part of our role playing. 
How many times can you lose to your mom in beer pong before you can no longer show your face around campus? 
I queefed so loud it echoed. 
I just ate a cashew that looked EXACTLY like your dick. 
Is it bad that now when i read ingredients in the food I eat i only read it as shrooms instead of mushrooms ? 
I wish guys would just cum water 'cause you don't have to worry about being pregnant and it'd be like a squirt gun fight 
So many tools at one table, you'd enjoy my italian family 
Dude you have to stop using "I eat good pussy" as a pick up line 
unrelatedly i think im gonna download boogie nights just to see mark wahlberg's penis 
Apparently the library doesn't care about celebrating the day Jesus became a zombie. 
I think his glow in the dark Star Wars sheets, at the time, really turned me on. 
win or lose for butler, i'm still masturbating to brad stevens tonight 
today i learned why jack sparrow loved rum so fucking much 
So Easter dinner for me was at 4:40 this morning where i made Bagel Bites and had a glass of Chardonnay 
yup. cregs moms pubic hair is still glued to the celing 
what is with people arguing over soda or pop? to be honest i thought it was just called chaser 
Dude also, my grandma got me condoms for easter and kind of winked. I don't know what to think 
Is there a nice way to say "I like you, but I hate your dick?" 
They have a pepper shaker for pot. 
just because you are in college doesnt mean its okay to pregame easter mass. 
The only thing better than Call of Duty is getting jerked off while playing Call of Duty. 
It's not kidnapping if it's romantic 
turns out making maccaroni and cheese with whipped cream instead of butter is only good when your high 
someone should tell her that easter eggs aren't meant to be dildos. 
please explain to me why there is a shopping cart in my living room. 
I felt like a fire hydrant the vomit just kept coming out 
I'm pretty sure you can't just waltz into a walk in clinic and ask them to de-baby you. 
i just licked my manager on accident and i'm freaking out 
mom and dad sent me an easter basket full of beer pong supplies again. 
he emptied an entire bag of goldfish onto the bed and rolled around yelling the theme to jaws trying to eat them 
he just tried to convince me that tylenol is a gateway drug 
my dealer just handed me my weed in a pink easter egg 
Drunken horseback riding is the absolute worst decision i've ever made in my life. 
How can people commit suicide when things like bagels exist 
How can people commit suicide when things like bagels exist 
Just so you know, coffee creamer&#43;water does not = milk. 
I just snuked. Sneezed and puked 
We had sex on a ferris wheel in canada, our relationship will never be the same 
And i generally try not to roofie people when I'm in a committed relationship. 
It makes me feel uncomfortable and unsafe when he licks my pants 
i really wish james franco would like my vagina 
when i asked what day 420 fell on this year, she answered so quickly i knew i found my soulmate. 
Whoever decided putting Tom Seizmore and Heidi Fleiss together in rehab should win some kind of award. 
I mean I like that it's warm enough to open the windows, but it annoys me that I can't walk around naked anymore. 
i was considerably less excited after they told me my present didnt have a penis 
I just added 'steal mom's xanax' to my to do list for when I go home for Easter. 
we usually just have an Easter beer hunt and never end up at church anyways 
If I had a clone, I'd fuck it with a condom 
halfway through eating me out he goes 'oh that reminds me i have to buy fish for good friday' 
She said to delete the bj video, but I accidentally hit the 'send to her bf' button. My bad 
Just got a call at work, I have to consent to a random drug and alcohol test by end of business day, if you arranged this it's the best/worst April fools prank ever. 
Sometimes I worry for your future but then I remember how big your boobs are. 
I miss Michael Jackson so much sometimes 
New plan, instead of sleeping with her, I'm just going to use her to sleep with the entire sorority. 
If you weren't supposed to have sex with your ex then they wouldn't rhyme. 
She's like a pop up book from hell. 
I wouldn't really call it 'getting lucky' considering I paid her to do it. 
He showed up to the Seder drunk and tried to convince everyone that he could read Hebrew. 
she was giving me head and that cheryl crow 'youre favorite mistake' song came on. she looks up and all i could do was nod 
i can't tell if you're serious or not, but 420 is gonna be pirate themed 
Nothing like studying in the College of Communication to make you realize how smart you are. 
That's the first time you've ever said the L word without referring to drinking or partying. 
what kind of dress can i wear to my high school reunion that says "even though i'm more successful than all of you i'm still up for sex"? 
She used my dick as a microphone to sing "any way you want it" I'm in love. 
Hashbrowns don't come out your nose as easily as you would think 
I'm surrounded by too many unhungover people. 
Im really high right now and the vending machine is broken and giving out free candy. Please kill me, my life will never get better than this 
im the poster child for why you shouldnt play beer pong with wine. 
I think the boy in my gender studies class cried when 90&#37; of the girls said they had faked an orgasm 
you never realize your highschool teachers are real people till you fuck one of them 
How many 'remember name' entries is it inappropriate to have in one's cell phone? 
Right when I walked into the party my boyfriend stood up and yelled, "HEY TITS, GET ME A BEER!" 
Dude just bought condoms some sad fuck next to me buying a pregnancy test he gave me a look like he'd pay me millions to switch places 
The savings from $3 shots still doesn't add up to plan-b 
I should have kept drinking, a coma can't be as bad as this hangover 
sometimes i think i'm bisexual but then i realize the only girl i'm attracted to is myself. 
I have no idea where we are. But it doesn't look dirty so I don't think we are in jersey yet 
I just want you to know that were having pizza delivered to the emergency room 
aaaannd alcoholism beats pride. it's like grown-up rock, paper, scissors 
It's kind of sad that your greatest accomplishment today is that you stood up and didn't fall down. 
we've already established he's totally wasted. but now he's just sitting at his computer, doing i don't know what, and he keeps saying "dammmn girl" in a really low whisper 
consequently i now know what mace tastes like 
He said he had a gf but the monogamy was "only implied". 
just threw up in the bus full of other international students just outside of boulder, just keeping the aussie reputation alive 
I knew we should have skipped class earlier, my lab partner is drunk from last night and making up his own experiments. 
I was gonna make fun of her but that plan kinda stopped once she put my dick in her mouth 
I dont know whats worse: her telling me she was so drunk i was "almost sexy," the fact that even when theyre shitfaced, im just "almost sexy" to girls, or the fact that i wasnt that offended by it. 
I walked outside out to find her peeing in her toga with a cigar in one hand and her thong in the other 
My lack of memory is directly related to being friends with you. 
we seriously had to hang a plastic bag on his ears so he could throw up right into it. 
we were all standing in the kitchen taking shots and we look over at you and your face is in the plate of spaghetti you were eating. 
drunk pissing on my closed toilet lid is actually quite a sobering experience 
Grown men dancing to Spice Girls and a girl wearing one shoe. I belong here 
It's nice to sit in the library and see the progression from freshman pledge to 6th year coke addict all at one table. Gotta love sororities 
All I remember was yelling at him, "Its becasue of people like you that it took us so long to get to the moon!" 
you haven't felt a hangover until you wake up after a night of snorting tequila. 
So, you didn't have time to come pick me up but you did have time to get plastered and then write "champagne money" on every one of my statuses for the past month? 
I left a cheeto on everyone's car trailing to the house i'm at, hanzel and gretel style. 
I am the drunkest girl in the tree. 
Did we have sex last night or did we just wake up naked covered in oil? 
part of it is the fact that im problem drinking, and the other part is my OCD wont let me leave the bottle half-empty. 
Arguably, the best part was cockblocking those squirrels. 
don't worry, your friend will b fine, they treat virgins nicely around here 
omg. don't know how to spell his name, but hot new zealand guy's dick is magic 
I was working er so they smashed a vodka bottle over dan's head so they'd have an excuse to visit 
I don't know why girls would even talk to someone as drunk as I was. 
This whole living in Ohio thing is getting reaaaaallly old. 
see if i had a dick i'd definitely smack people in the face with it 
He came on me while singing crank dat like soulja boy, fuck our sex life has reached a whole new level of low 
someone put bongwater in my humidifier again THIS NEEDS TO STOP 
Just found out I slapped a vegan in the face with meat last night. 
Well, both are illegal but one involves my vagina a whole lot less. 
Girl farted next to me in class and then denied my high five 
For future reference, a lint roller appears to be the easiest way to get glitter out of a beard. 
I was giving him head and when I deep throated him he screamed out "Ohh, top ten!" 
Tortellini makes me feel like I'm eating hundreds of little vaginas 
Is it sad that when she told me he has a small peen I felt like it made us more compatible? 
i don't think my life will be extraordinarily more meaningful if i let him put his tongue in my butthole. 
you kept shouting how the only tree you would hump is an elm tree because they're under populated 
I checked into jail on foursquare 
For the amount I put out, I should be going on way more dates. 
For those pictures, I will suffer this headache. 
i make up for being a shitty girlfriend by being amazing in bed. 
My room should be renamed "Land of the Misfit Condoms." 
at least franzia made me throw up pretty colors. 
I knew we were gonna fuck after she told me she's seen that Porno before 
im gonna put my furry chinchilla vagina on her mother effing nose 
and ill be dreaming of you. not in a creepy way, but in an inappropriate way 
that girl is introducing herself into your group of friends one dick at a time. 
you started texting yourself and saying they were "divine messages from heaven" then you threw up on stacie's piano. 
i guess this means i'm going to be wearing knee socks during sex again 
I made a vision board specifically for the purpose of boning john mayer. 
he asked if he could put his cape on while he was still inside me. 
I didnt realize til after I got out of her apartment and into the lobby that we lived in the same building. 
Maybe my heart is located in my vagina 
whats the proper etiquette for returning a closet door to a random girl you met and do not know her name? 
Well, you're either very drunk or very high but I'll let it slide because I love any type of conversation concerning cheese. 
sweetheart all i remember is you throwing up and saying "i thought things would be better now that barack obama is president" 
you walked into the kitchen holding the skyy bottle and asked us "how do i warm this?" 
There are babies in the room i shouldnt be high with babies in the room. 
I feel so much closer to you now that I heard your poop splash into the toilet. 
Fail #1 I puked off the balcony onto the balcony below us and when I tried to pour water on it in the morning to wash it off it just went all over their deck. Sorry room 1342 but welcome to Jamaica 
i have a "get your shit together" dinner with my parents tonight. After that ill be down to party 
My financial aid advisors would be so pissed if they knew I was spending my loan money on strippers 
Only you could manage to look like a complete slut while wearing a turtle neck. 
The more I look at him the more I wonder why anyone would ever want any of his features to be a part of their childs face. 
She has her iPod in her ears slippers and sweats on and is walking around the house up and down the stairs getting "exercise" she just stopped for a water break 
Come on, video tape it. Take one for the team 
there should be laws that require people like to me to be on birth control. 
How do I tell if what I'm covered in is pee or cum? 
They just sang me a song about how small my dick is in front of the whole bar 
Yo dude either Brian has herpes or he was jerking off to Web MD 'cause I just walked in on him 
let's get her a shirt that says "i went to key west for spring break and all i got was this illegitimate child." 
i kind of just want to tell my cleaning lady I'm an alcoholic so it's not awkward when I stumble out of my room to go sit in my car for 2 hours and wait for her to finish cleaning the several empty bottles of wine in my room 
just customized my debit card w a pic of me ralphing over the toilet. figure it'll give the bar keep a good cut off est and for shits n giggles when buying my handles at the liqour store 
Question: Is it too early to claim April Fools on the text "can we do some lines before the concert" that I accidentally sent Mom? 
I just used my med student white coat as ID to buy beer at 9 in the morning 
it's like, God thought about making her pretty then changed his mind at the last second 
I had to go to the front counter of the restaurant and ask for the key because I was "pretty sure my friend is passed out in the bathroom right now" 
for me the strap perfect is like a chastity belt 
I didn't think her British accent was real until I saw how fucked up her teeth were. 
stop changing my ringtone to people fucking, it looks bad at work 
new excercise plan: walk a mile get a bj then walk a mile home 
Got a basket, 50 condoms, some candy, 100 plastic eggs &amp; my bunny costume. Campus will feel my wrath in 2 weeks 
I didn't think I could chip a tooth while giving a blowjob until I met him. 
i dont think my parents would of encouraged me to save years of birthday money if they knew what i would eventually spend it on 
fuck you guys, stop putting fake babies in my car the cops came again. 
other girls like to lick balls but none of them live for it like u do 
If you're missing hair this morning, i'm sorry in advance 
dude there's automatic no homos on brad Pitt and Leonardo dicaprio. Everyone knows that 
the bouncer made me realize that puking in line does not get you in any faster 
She was really sick last night--but i was too drunk to bring her chicken noodle soup after the bar, so went by taco bell and got her a chicken burrito instead 
If your pregnant with his baby maybe we can start getting weed for free. 
we do all of our sexting over chat on words with friends, so my boyfriend doesn't know about it when he looks at my texts. 
Just saw a drunk guy marching down the strip with a garden rake. I feel compelled to follw him 
Oh I forgot to tell you one of the little boys in my preschool class was wearing a Hooters tank top today. 
so it turns out that "condoms galore" does, indeed, come up on your bank statement 
dude i just figured out that the tostitos sign is two people eating chips and salsa. being high totally pays off sometimes 
Just facebooked the guy whose name you're yelling in there. So you're aware, his interests include "swearing at babies" and "Ice luge" 
It's one of the reasons i'm here, along with emotional support, physical support if you need it, and power orgasms. 
heading to class now, facing the weekend consquences 
worse. her friends hid in the bathroom while she gave me head and then screamed surprise right as i was about to cum 
He called me a "functional alcoholic" like its a bad thing. 
I'm so hungover I took Dramamine to help prevent the motion sickness of walking. 
i told the doctor i drank a college amount of alcohol. judgemental prick 
tried unsuccessfully for 10 minutes to do bong hits while wearing glow in the dark vampire fangs before realizing air was getting out of the sides of my mouth 
no where in the syllabus does it say "no alcoholic beverages allowed". 
you made a powerpoint titled 'things i've drank tonight' and emailed it to me. 
woman puking in liquor store parking lot at 9:30 on a tuesday morning = best commute ever. 
I've never watched DWTS before, but this show's got Pamela Anderson, Erin Andrews and Brooke Burke: 3 of my top 10 all time most masturbated to women. 
Listen, what he fails to understand is that the Olive Garden does not equal pussy. 
It was unlikely that the relationship was going to end with anything other than antibiotics. 
Ok I can't be your drugdealer AND booty call AND friend. It just doesn't work that way 
You got ahold of his prescription papers and gave out prescriptions for cranberry and vodka 
i think i recognize dicks better than faces 
Before we started fucking, he laid me on the bed, and asked my what my sleep number was, so that i would be "comfy" 
I should just wear a shirt that says "Im Sorry" on the front because the second we land in Vegas, I'm going to be a fuckin trainwreck. 
I think i'm just gonna start shot-gunning everything that comes in can form. 
Yeah, it was all fun and games until I realized that it wasn't my tent, and I had no idea who those people were 
do people really wait til 5 oclock to start drinking in real life? 
Bring your kids so they can distract our kids so we can drink beer in peace. 
Who would have thought the night we were surrounded by 4 cops would be the most responsible night of the week. 
He said if I stayed the night he'd take me to church in the morning. 
We're the kind of people who ruin family vacations 
I'll show rhose boucners: You don't let me in, I poop on your pool. 
Hey I have to teach you how to run in heels before vegas 
all her text said was "asdfhdaufhudshfuds" and i knew that meant come over 
How much would it be to rent out Gus Johnson so he can announce our flip cup games? 
I just found out my first birthday was a keg party. Suddenly everything makes sense 
What the hell did I do to get youtube to recommend a video for me called "how to increase your chances of getting pregnant"? 
We got blackout for the alumni dinner, and then walked THROUGH the keynote speaker, managing to still say "excuse me". 
It was like watching Stephen Hawking try to swim. 
I feel that my census will not be the first census submitted soaked in beer 
i convinced her i was a yoga teacher by showing her some warm-ups my high school track coach made up 
Theres a dude at this concert at the urinal double fisting beers, taking drinks from both while simultaneously pissing euerywhere. He is my hero 
I woke up with a crunchy, pink Pepto streak through my hair, no recollection of the last 6 hours of my night and the feeling that all the hotel's staff knew me on a first name basis. 
I love how understanding people are when they hear we first hooked up getting high and watching nature shows 
Can we comment on the fact that at five thirty this morning, security woke me up in the hotel lobby, in my underwear, and some random guys winter coat? 
And i laid in the yard with carrots on my chest cause i wanted a bunny 
This guy just walked into class and first thing he did was grab the garbage can, walk to his desk and say "just in case" 
This guy just walked into class and first thing he did was grab the garbage can, walk to his desk and say "just in case" 
That sound you heard was the sound of millions of brackets exploding simultaneously 
Brought out my three foot martini glass last night, that explains why I haven't left my bed all day long. 
I'm just not sure how to initiate the "do you want to have sex with my boyfriend and I" conversation 
we just did breakfast shots, I have a black eye and savage garden is on . Best weekend ever 
just found out my horoscope sign is scales. it's like i was destined to be a drug dealer 
I am currently in the waffle making stage of highness 
He lit his shirt on fire at the bar by putting a lit cigarette in the pocket to "save for later." 
I don't think I have ever been told that I am "probably too drunk to pet the stingrays" by a cop before. 
For some reason, my father is not responding to the 5 texts I sent him that all read: "Dad dad dad dad dad dddaadd dddddaaaaaaaaad dad". 
I need a secretary to manage my drinking schedule. 
My bracket is officially just a list of teams that lost. 
they said he just opened the front of his shirt and threw up alll over himself 
shes in my pool wearing only floaties on her arms ill have to raincheck watching march madness with you guys sorry 
ya i found him eventually. hes the only one who drinks guiness so I just had to follow the darkest green puke trail 
Want to come to my BBQ and Blow party? 
the cop then proceeds to point out the "proud parent of a dare graduate" bumper sticker and say well i guess it's time to take that off 
she went home with me because she said i reminded her of paul rudd. remind me to thank him for his awkwardness 
In retrospect - making it rain salt all over our kitchen was not one of my best ideas. 
I can't wait to get all this Makers out of my shoe. 
Did you wake up with "jello shots" stamped on your hand too? 
You ended at least 6 stories with "and that's why I don't snort coke anymore" 
It feels like Jesse James cheated on America. 
shes on the floor puking and texting simultaneously. 
He looked at me like he has never had a girl throw up on him before. 
the bank didn't screw up, i spent 150$ at mcdonalds last night 
She looks makes a Zellweger face when she cums, she's keeps asking why I call her renee 
Apparently I kept telling the bartender that I was going to set the Guinness World Record. 
i knew she was desperate at the point in which she started showing me her naked pics on her phone 
I got drunk and smashed his tv with the keg and so he blames me for being evicted. 
Pass out mid-funnel last night. 
I've thrown up so many times in the third floor bathroom of Baldwin that they should probably just go ahead and name it after me. 
That's the last time we joust in Radio Flyer wagons after margarita night. 
I will never underestimate my ability to drunken ramble. At one point last night i think i was talking about hieroglyphics 
The bouncer asked you what your sign was and u replied "syracuse" 
my quiz for the book was only 2 questions and my one answer was sorry and then a sad face 
i was picked up off the floor by a stripper, if thats not a new life low then i dont know what is. 
I found the pot of gold last night, and it was full of bad decisions. 
dressing as green man for st patrick's day = free drinks all night long 
over or under 1pm before my bracket is too blurry to read? 
Do you think my bosses would frown upon Jameson with breakfast on this holiest of days? 
Call me pathetic, but saying "tits for ireland" is working out really well on chatroulette today. 
Springtime is officially here. I just used pool water to fill up the bong 
yea, the bartender wouldn't serve you because you kept asking for "a slice of beer" 
does drinking everclear count as brushing your teeth? because i think they are sterilized 
I can't wait to see her breast feed this thing 
You told me alcohol would be the death of you then ordered 10 shots of tequila. 
I woke up hungover and opened my laptop to find that i had googled alcoholism again 
I can only imagine the horrible things my future wife is doing on spring break right now. 
No more Irish car bombs ever. 
We've finally come to the understanding that as long as our conversation stays stricaly sexual, we get along. 
I'm drunk in class and I'm pretty sure the bible freak behind me is saying a prayer for me 
She's coming to town, taking me to a Suns Game, wants Anal, and knows we're not going to date, I imagine this is what heaven is like 
we'll go far in life on tits alone. 
Is it bad that I was more upset about not getting the perfume he told me he had bought for me then the actual breakup? 
Apparently tackling a bar stool and crashing to the floor while yelling for 6 shots of whiskey won't get you thrown out on St Pattys Day. 
she said she'd blow me if I bought one of her sorority raffle tickets. Goddamn it's gettin easy 
She woke up 3 seperate times, each time she had a look of pure terror on her face, she had no clue where she was. 
the girls on my floor started fighting over who got to keep the random hoodies that boys forgot in my room after sex 
she has tattoo'd to her hips "grip here" this is why they made spring break 
Is there any way you can check to see if I have a warrant out in Alabama? 
There is still throw up in my sink from before break. God I missed this place 
Turning 21 on Saint Patty's day. I like to think this is what my alcoholic ancestors have prepared me for 
well since you're still married, you will be paying for my abortion right? 
He kept referring to his penis a his "love gun" 
whispering "taste the rainbow" well having sex isn't my biggest turn on. 
i made sure i dropped the whole "im a yoga teacher" bomb which basically roofies a guys sense of judgement and guarantees he will sleep with me. 
his name is not nearly as fun as i thought to yell out in bed 
He felt like a one man threesome 
I bought a nasal spray, my nose needs to be in order by the weekend 
So I'm at planned parenthood and there are 5 people here from Friday's party. 
i would hope so, cause i don't think 'i drove off the road because i was getting some head' is covered in insurance 
well tonys high enough to be moving from spot to spot around the kitchen shooting tortellini into a boiling pot and yelling "KING JAMES" whether he makes or misses it. 
We've reached that awkward stage of the relationship where he's in love with me when he's drunk, but sober him is still afraid of commitment. 
People were autographing me. I'm like the spring break yearbook 
My new excuse for sleeping with him was in celebration of his cat's birthday. 
how in the hell can u get pulled over when ur car is parked. 
i am already firmly committed to doing irish carbombs w/ 12 different people, and the st pattys day party doesnt start for another 24 hours. i may die 
We were hooking up and you crawled into bed with us, because you had lost your phone and didn't "want to be alone at a time like this." 
If I had known I was gonna take my tights off and throw them over the balcony I would have shaved my legs. 
Is she bent over a couch yet or did daylight savings time throw off her usual schedule? 
You talked to that cop for like 15 minutes and when you got back, you told us you were "networking". 
Pre-St Patricks Day Log: Threw up across a 14ft radius, this is why the irish dont drink tequila 
I feel like im in a tornado of daylight savings, tequila and death 
Ya know, years from now when that kid is old enough, I'll get to regale him with the story of how I was his father's AND uncle's first gay experience. 
the majority of my texts from you are at 3 AM &amp; consist of either "I'm drunk", "you're asian", or "bratwurst" 
There's a guy at this party taking all the unfinised beers and pouring them into a pitcher so he can drink them tomorrow. 
you were sitting on the floor cleaning up your own puke and telling my mom she should hire you as a maid. 
You did not just play the dead husband card again. 
he's dressed up as spiderman, i don't understand why he's crying. 
It just hit me that i made out with someone's mom last night 
dude it was like an art museum there were boobs everywhere 
How do I put "special brownies" into Weight Watchers? 
My T9 text prediction thing keeps predicting every next word is going to be "midgets". 
I wonder what it would be like to go to the dry cleaners and not have to inform them that all my clothes are stained with booze. 
I think I would be able to remember how to smoke but I can't seem to remember how to breathe. 
his dick is like his red hair, amazing but useless 
I'm wearing the bright blue sombrero all through the airport as a sign of triumph that I survived spring break. I'm getting compliments 
based on the size of her vibrator, i'm going to be a huge disappointment 
Whatever is fine with me, as long as I am dressed in green and end up shitfaced. 
well he showed me a naked baby picture and i was right it hasn't grown 
watchout when you come home, dougs at the top of the stairs naked eating doritos 
our new exchange student wants to hear all about America's greatest politician, "Oprah." it's gonna be a long fucking day 
i don't remember but I assumed it was bad when I woke up with directions from his house to mine already pulled up on my phone 
Why am I drunk on a roof painting at 11 in the morning 
just wokeup with my ethics textbook on my chest, animal crakers in my mouth and my dick in my hand. even aristotle doesn't have a theory for this one 
"reccomended dose" hasn't been in my vocabulary for quite some time. 
Some girl next to me in class is making a list of whta to pack for spring break &amp; it was a normal list until she put birth control in all caps w/ stars around it 
I woke up laying in alphagetti with the message "I'd go get checked asap" written out in the letters. 
As im putting my laundry in the machine, i find a solo cup and a pong ball that i signed babe ruth 
The last thing I remember is you asking me how to grow french fries. 
Whenever I said your name you screamed polo and did another shot. 
oh no you fucking didn't eat my mac and cheese you cunt 
dinner with the girl I motorboated last semester wasn't as awkward as I thought it would be 
my history teacher totally just suggested that we record his lectures and play drinking games with them later so that we pay attention to the material. 
the extent of background information i have on her is minimal, but it will get me in her pants 
i've decided to use this saturday afternoon to take care of my pube situation 
she told me her two favorite things were grocery stores and dick. 
Swear. I think after passing out in a community college parking lot I can safely nominate myself for the piece of shit of the year award 
my mom just used "raw dog" in a sentence correctly, time to move out. 
but the good news is i woke up with 15 dollars in my pocket so i probably sold my phone instead of puking on it 
How do I introduce myself to her without coming off as "the guy who jacks-off to her profile pic"? 
I thought short asians scared me, however seeing my first tall asian I'm terrified. 
also, did you notice that when he quoted your email he used MLA format? 
the clerk said it was the first time she had ever seen someone walk in the next day to return the tux still wearing the tux 
I understand why you refuse to be sober now 
This was worse than the time that I shot a bald eagle. 
How is it that lesbians won't hit on me at a gay club, but they'll hit on me every time I go to Walmart? 
we found you eating frozen orange juice with a spoon and then drinking vodka from the bottle. 
Yea. But u kept saying "as long as she doesn't have aids" so I was concerned 
Either seal the deal or get out of the room, I don't want to hide in this closet anymore 
All I remember about walking back home was that I maced my shadow. 
please stop referring to my baby as "your little fucker" 
You were so hammed, you asked your buddy in Economics to plot a demand curve for Parmesan Cheese. 
right as i was about to introduce them she goes "old fuck buddy, meet new fuck buddy." 
Honestly, where the fuck is osama bin laden? 
i knew i liked her after she chugged tequila, fell down the stairs and said "oh dont worry i knew it'd be faster this way" 
By connection do you mean me drunkenly grinding my ass on his lap for an extended period of time? If so, then yes, we had a "connection" 
On my way home from Vegas. Just realized my pants are inside out 
I'm on a cruise to the Bahamas and this text message is gunna cost me $10 but I need you to pray on my behalf for the things I'm about to do these 2 girls and what I did last night to a 35 year old mother of 3. 
i literally in my bathroom watching tv from across the hall while trying not to fall asleep with my dog keeping my feet warm. wednesday's shouldnt be like this 
He said "I know I'm not gay. I fucked a guy once and didn't like it" 
Corey Haim died. 80's me is so sad 
I woke up with a flask of whiskey and a mason jar full of sausage in my tux jacket. south georgia is where i belong 
you were making out, puked over his shoulder and insisted everything was okay 
i knew it was time to leave when he woke me up only wearing pooh bear oven mitts and holding a plate of thank you pancakes 
i took my goldfish out of his bowl last night and put him in my bed 
Peanut butter while high is kinda stressful 
If I had a motorized wheelchair, I'd just chase the squirrels on campus all day. 
he ate out my asshole, i really don't think he gets embarrassed easily. 
You broke out your mechano set and told us you were gonna "build us a beer machine" and 5 min later you were fast asleep 
you can't exactly throw up or pass out at the pentagon so i had to pull my shit together 
just got dressed up for chatroulette- THAT desperate. 
I drunkenly sent a picture of my scrotum to the entire baseball team last night 
Can we fast forward to the part where we get gyros 
and then he said he has been waiting since high school to touch my boobs 
i think you know its gunna be a bad day when it starts with throwing up into a red plastic cup 
I just remember standing in the shower with you eating chips. 
I have way too much money in my bra to be responsible. 
I hope the prosecutor is a dude cause my lawyer is hot. 
I wish you had a penis so you could experience peeing out the window in front of a crowd of people leaving parties. 
I wish i had a shirt that said, "I know what you're thinking and it's not herpes on my face" 
this is going to sound stupid but when I was drunk and thought I was a stripper where I did toss my pants? 
I've had enough of this chick, she wanted to cuddle after giving me a handjob. I feel like I'm in junior high 
It's like my work doesn't even care about margarita mondays. 
I REALLY appreciate you guys taking care of me when im wasted but i think its weird when i wake up in different clothes than black out in 
I seriously think I have a tan line on my stomach from getting a boner while in the taning bed. 
i'm high and 74&#37; sure there's a monster in my closet 
you know you go to a catholic school when you are rollin a joint with matthew 14:1-12 
i don't want you to think of me as your TA 
do you know how scary it is to wake up in a CATSCAN machine after a night of drinking? 
I can't believe all I ate yesterday was half a turkey sandwich and 20 finger licks of exctasy. 
ask me if i forgot to go to a midterm today 
Considering he believes im part of the 2016 us curling team id say hes pretty drunk 
I can't believe I'm wasting this thong on a guy in a sweater vest. 
you'll be glad to know I got kicked off the microphone at a bar in Breckenridge last night thanks to my country rendition of all star 
you were sitting on my toliet with a double cheesburger in your hand asking me how the cheeseburger even got there. 
i have a $600 bill for my ER visit in which they did nothing but suggest to me that i am an alcoholic. 
His drunken night ended with a "car accident" which really meant he was stuck in a toy car and pushed down the steps. 
she said, and i quote, "i want to black out with my rack out" 
should we take a power nap before our cocaine gets here? 
did that guy on the oscars really just tell me to text a dolphin? 
I like to think that tonight was Jesus punishing James Cameron for his role in popularizing "My Heart Will Go On." 
Do you think most people who work at an airport Chili's can pin point where their lives went wrong? 
I started the year with 2,800 dollars and am now down to 83 dollars-one of which i use to snort my focalin. I have given up on food and am perplexed as to how I can make 82 dollars last more than two weekends for booze 
You kept telling that ginger girl, "it's not your fault, it's not your fault, it's not your fault." 
He invited me to see "alison wonderland" WHAT THE FUCK THATS NOT A FIRST NAME/LAST NAME TYPE DEAL 
I wouldnt endorse that guy if he was walking in a walkathon to raise money for a disease i had 
Last night was proof dads should hug their daughters more 
All was going smooth until he pulled a condom out of his collection he kept in a Cheesy Gordita Crunch Box from Taco Bell. 
You brought back some girl with you at 3am and introduced her to everyone as "hot pocket" 
All we had was a keg so we played edward nalgene-hands 
turn left when you see the girl thats puking on the sidewalk. she hasnt been moving much so she makes a good street marker 
he literaly had industrial grade plastic underneth his blankets 
I feel like my whole life has been one big pre-game for Mexico. 
thanks for singing to me while i puked last night 
Poopin on the sidewaaalllkkk. I wish my text told you that was a song 
So I've only had a mustache for about 5 minutes and I'm already pretty sure it's the best decision I've ever made. 
I feel like someone was just looking at my memory and took out an eraser and was like "nope he doesnt need that" 
I don't know what's more sad having a rewards account at a liquor store or already racking up 273 dollar points since january 
Just watched a guy pause a bluetooth convo to puke outside of esso. gotta love orangeville 
I woke up face down on my laptop with three windows open: itunes, chat roulette and redtube 
is it really high of me to have brought my own hot sauce to wendys? 
It's like you don't even want to get drunk with me everyday, anymore. 
No dude, you can't hot box a bus shelter. 
I'm quitting my job and I'm just going to become a professional drunk girls mistake. 
Well, technically I had a shirt on, it was just around my waist. 
U just looked at me and said "wake me up when I'm done eating" 
It was literally the size of a half eaten tic tac. 
I sat in the mc D drive thru and refused to move till the chick gave me her number 
I swear that when I have my own bathroom, I'm gonna lock myself in there and masterbate for at least 3 days in sheer appreciation of it. 
When you're on the hood of a car, 10 mph feels pretty fucking fast. 
a girl is trying to cook hot pockets in a saute pan on the stove. 
i found you on the dancefloor with your cell phone to your ear saying that you didn't like the music they played at the club so you were going to listen to your own 
I was to drunk to drive all the way up there, so we just had rough phone sex instead 
I just found a beer pong ball in my mail box. I think its a sign 
Jerking off has been your answer to everything tonight. 
Last night when I was hammered I set a reminder to tell you that your boobs are my favorite ones in the world, so this is me giving you that message. 
I just found a bagel and a condom in my coat pocket. I love blackouts 
Tell us when you see the semi truck on fire. 
Standing in line for a prescreening of Alice in Wonderland - guy just passed out cold in front of us - first drug overdose of the Alice in Wonderland phenomenon witnessed. 
These guys are walking up and down the hallway yelling, "Yo, is this the floor with the unisex bathroom?" 
that's like riding a pigeon when you could fuck a bald eagle 
why is pumping your own stomach in your searches on youtube? 
Come 10 years my vagina won't look like this. I must cherish it 
If we're like this now and women reach their sexual peak in their 30's, I can't even fathom what our futures hold. 
ill find time for any girl whos not afraid to grab my junk in front of 100 people 
i just lost my virginity for the 9th time. when will guys stop believing that nonsense line 
New Jersey isn't a real state, it's just a myth you tell little kids to scare them like Canada or Carrot Top 
He told me he was a psychology major, and I responded by asking him where he hid his vagina. 
he couldn't find his key, so we just had sex on his parent's porch while we waited for his mom to get home. 
she must've caught on when i went out for a "run" in jeans and a sweatshirt and came back holding a McDonalds bag and smelling like pot. 
We had a complete conversation while I was giving him head, at one point he even stopped me and said 'I love how we're just hanging out.' 
God gave me these boobs for a reason other than for people to throw things down them. 
my life is in even more shambles than last time, mcdonalds is closed 
So I made him an imaginary sandwich and told him that the day I didn't have to fake it, neither would he. 
Before I left in the morning I deleted her purity ring app off her iPod, I figured it would save her the shame 
spring break forecast: sunny with a chance of shitshow 
do you have any idea how expensive it is to have the munchies at Disneyland? 
my facebook is like a giant collection of my one night stands 
I just turned in a 4 page paper spelling absolute as "absolut" every single time. I'm an alcoholic 
I wasted my skinny years on you. The least you can do is high five me at the bar 
I just asked my hair stylist how many percocets she'd do my hair for. 
It has to be really easy to get midgets drunk. 
is it customary for a bride to wear white even if she's a whore? i feel tie-dye would have been more accurate 
Cop gave me a ticket for public drunkedness, and then I convinced him to drive me back to the party 
I want to make a porn site called "girls with daddy issues" 
The world would have a new energy source if someone would just take a blacklight to the backseat of that slut's car 
how should i go about explaining the hickey i drunkenly gave myself last night? 
True friendship; bangin a girl to get ur friends hat back 
you refused to come out of the bathroom until i asked you in spanish 
I don't care how ugly she is, I can't turn down a free movie &#43;bj. In this economy that's downright irresponsible 
I'm sitting in the drive through at Mcdonalds right now watching the workers pressure wash the vomit I left from last night. 
on of the only things i remember was the security guard told me i was too drunk for laser tag. 
I just took boredom to a whole new level. I just auto-tuned and remixed today's western civ lecture 
On my arm I have 12 dashes, and below is written "plus 2 pretty stout whiskey drinks, so, you be the judge" 
how did we ever eat at restaurants where they DIDNT squirt-gun tequila in our mouths? 
It's officially time to start saving up weed money for the NCAA tournament 
When he came he sounded like a flock of birds hitting puberty 
ironically, his detergent was also "small and mighty" 
he yelled "RELEASE THE KRAKEN" then hit me with his dick 
Neighbors just bought a new bong. Got high with them and we decided to name it "Gary colemans sweet sugarlumps" these guys are hilarious 
I hope as the only other living being in this apartment you can explain to me why the toilet was full of cheerios this morning. 
Now that the olympics are over we have no excuse for getting belligerently drunk for nationalism every night. 
i just discovered a movie that charlize theron is a sex addict. i think my prayers have been answered 
still doesn't change the fact you were dunking your sock in the toilet. 
And my fence, why is part of it on the roof? 
i wanted to tell my neighbors to shut up it was 4am, but listening to her rag on him for his minute man routine was actually entertaining 
it looked like a condom graveyard when i woke up. they were everywhere 
She is sleeping in a dress because she's too drunk to put "real clothes" on 
So this shipmate of mine somehow managed to throw up in his back pocket. 
the EMT asked how you broke your nose and you said, "you know, the usual wear and tear." 
You tried to tell me you weren't high while you were eating French onion dip out of the jar with a spoon 
I just had to google "How do I get semen stains off of drywall." I'm relatively proud of this 
I had never watched a guy jack off to me before, but let me tell you, it was a very uncomfortable experience. 
he just kept repeating that I have nice areolas 
Dude dan is so baked he taped his remote to the futon so he couldn't lose it again. Come over here 
I'm drinking margaritas out of a soup mug, of course I'm going to get wasted 
I love the moment a guy admits defeat against the front clasping bra. 
You were waisted for 48 hours and the only 3 words you said were yup, sure, and michigan 
Can you get arrested or in trouble for punching a dead relative in a casket? 
I just took a bite of a bagel at school and it tasted like weed. If I am high for my test in 2 hours I'm gonna kick someones ass 
Haha I wonder if my burp offended him. So I gave him a fist pump to signify how friendly I am 
I feel like I should put "don't judge me" in the special instructions for the pizza guy. 
Who has a video camera? i want to look back on this one day and say OH thats why i spent 2 years in jail 
once the "do it" chant starts, any shot at an even remotely dignified party experience is dead. 
Fucking Canada. At least when they wake up tomorrow they're still in Canada 
Mac n' cheese is coming out of my nose. You can't make that feel better 
I slept with some guy because he drew a dinosaur on my arm 
i feel like an archaelogyst. im pulling apart last weeks brownies to find the weed in them 
Canada just beat USA, the sad part they still need us to make money so who really won 
My main thought on the Olympics: I need LESS cowbell. 
he smelled like listerine and beef tacos 
Just desperately used the "it's a boy" cigar I saved from my\nnephews birth to roll a blunt 
Canada: barely better than America at a sport they invented. 
We're starting "No Hesitation Fridays." The probability of this going horribly are between 100 to 125 percent 
Clearly, I'm already going to hell, so there's no point in trying anymore. 
i don't remember it, but i know we had sex because my stuffed animals were facing the wall 
nothing like celebrating the fact that you're not a father by trying to impregnate other women 
I think thats the most anyones ever pregamed for rollerskating 
You turned to me, asked if I was having fun yet, and then threw up onto my jeans. Thanks for the awesome first time partying experience 
Dude I thought this was going to suck, but moving back in with my dad is like being at a frat party every night only everyone is 40 years old. 
My mom walked down and caught me drinking by myself, watching the nanny at 3:30AM. I had no idea what to say 
no seriously he was fingering me like he was really really frantically looking for a song on his iPod. 
I coulnt tell if he was cumming or if I was throwing up 
you were on all fours yelling at the earth to stop spinning. 
You kept yelling that her vagina looked like a hatchet wound. 
drunk sex in a shower = bad idea broken arm 
Great, now justin bieber is gonna sing a song about chile 
i cant get the smell of ass out of my nose 
she kept checking the clock when she was giving me head and at midnight she said she had to stop because she cant eat meat on fridays is that bitch serious 
So the weirdest part of it all was he whispered in my ear "can i eat you out on your tredmill?" I dont find him attractive at all anymore 
i just deleted quailman, hot hawaiian dude, appalachian swimmer, and connecticut from my phone 
it was like fucking with batman, he had gadgets i never even imagined 
Would you like to blur the lines between friendship and lesbianism tonight? 
He spent the whole night convincing me I wasn't fat, but after we had sex he said "Oh, I see what you mean" 
before you smothered your pizza in mayo you blotted it with a napkin saying you were trying to watch your fat intake 
i woke facing the corner with my computer and i had googled "how to put out a fire" i am so scared to turn around 
"I could never have "feelings" for someone who, at one point, wanted to "hate fuck" my face." 
Haha im about to meet my shrink &amp;i have so much shit to tell him i made an outline 
if pee wee herman would have taken a snuggie to the movies he wouldnt have gotten caught 
I'm drunk enough to talk Barbara Walters outta her panties 
there's nothing like that first "just failed out of my program" beer 
I don't know how God could bestow someone that emotionally confused with such an awesome penis. 
i woke up with a shattered plate next to my head. 
i can't, i'm blowing bubbles in class and getting credit for it 
I wonder sometimes what your vagina thinks about you. 
it was like fucking gandolphs beard 
so its thursday, which means its time to resume communication with you 
this chick on a show just showed her boobs and let some guy paint them others asked why she did it and her reply i quote "i was bored" why dont chicks get bored more often 
Party priorities: alcohol &gt; girls &gt; music &gt; cups &gt; decorations 
you refused to leave the drive-thru at mcdonalds until the cashier took a jello shot 
Id like to know where dora the explorers parents are when she goes on all these crazy ass adventures 
my mind is a poorly written porno when i'm drunk. 
Reggie can tackle my bush. 
So i've def seen the girl running for student body VP getting fingered in a bar. 
I don't call you at 3 in the morning to start a fucking relationship. 
Is drinking merlot and watching womens figure skating by myself gay? 
I wish alcohol would automatically work as birth control if you have sex drunk. 
I think my penis and your vagina just became best friends last night. 
Don't make me choose between a good grade and anal 
Honestly dude, i think you should ignore the restraining order if you really love her. 
under NO circumstances is it acceptable to fist pump to taylor swift 
Renamed my iPod as 'the titantic' so when I plug it in it's says 'the titantic is syncing.' 
today is my dealer's birthday. i dont know whether to give him the day off or call him saying happy birthday ill take a quarter please 
Stop blaming waffle house for all your problems 
You were sitting at the bus stop holding hands with some Polish girl you just met, who was just as drunk as you were, and you kept trying to light your Kit Kat and smoke it. 
Is it a bad thing that the only time i wear nice clothes to class, is when i get too fucked up the night before and wear the same clothes i went out in? 
I feel like I spend my weeks apologizing for my weekends. 
Just farted cum and thought I shit myself. Crisis averted tho 
taking a shot every time they compare curling to a real sport 
we were so high last night we were cutting bread with my iphone 
Just wanted to let you know that I always win at "whose ex is crazier" because of you. 
When I told my boss I'm using a vacation day for 4/20, he gave me his personal cell phone number and winked at me. 
i got really high and listened to the spongebob squarepants theme song and, i swear to god, it was in german. 
wait can you just look around please? that was my favorite bra and i've already asked like 3 other guys 
i was taking the test and had to adjust my boner and my teacher thought i was cheating or something 
she said if I bought her franzia she would blow me, and she would fuck me if I splurged on martini and rossi. Franzia it is 
literally every day that goes by where he doesn't talk to me makes me more determined to get him to have sex with me 
so i had a hang over on saturday and i stayed in the shower for 4 hours, then crawled out, skimpered to my bed, and some kid i didnt know was sleeping in it 
Look I'm sorry I shaved your cat, but get over it. 
We were laughing at the passed out guy who had gone to sleep under the car in the McDonald's lot until we realized it was you. 
you were so drunk when the pizza guy got there you told him that you didn't have any money and would trade him the pizza for 3 Porno movies and he totally did it. I may never have to pay for pizza again 
just told my mom that i'm having a bad day and she responded with "maybe you should pour yourself a nice drink". good to know that my parents support my future of alcoholism 
last night i found out that about 5 of my friends audio recorded us having sex through the bedroom door, then auto tuned it in the tpain app on his iphone. 
i love how he claims to not know english but when i ask him to come over and fuck me he's all of a sudden fluent 
i really wish someone from a royal background would fuck me so i could literally say i was 'royally fucked'. 
being a part time student has turned me into a full time alcoholic. 
words of advice: black light parties reveal cum stained clothing. 
you yelled "you will never make love to jesus" and then ran into the tv. 
i gave her road head last night, needless to say it wasn't the same and i bit a chunk of the inside of my cheek off. 
all you kept yelling was "i'm bored and i'm sober" 
I just don't have the heart to tell my mom you peed in our washer machine last night. 
I don't think anyone has ever said "boy I'm glad I took those shots of everclear" when they wake up 
People are handing out olympic condoms downtown, just put it on and it broke, this is how there trying to raise the population. Very sneaky canadian government, very sneaky 
Even DaVinci knew it was gay to draw the penis big. Thanks art history 
Wow anytime a scalper has i need tix written on the back of a franzia box thats a trusted seller 
i checked my sent messages this morning and i had apparently tried to text the bar, saying "idk what i drank, do you?" 
well you haven't lived until you've been 86'ed from a family restaraunt 
i wish that every time i slipped on a sheet of ice i had the ability to recover with a michael jackson move 
I thought we agreed I wasn't a screamer? 
they started a semi-successful rumor that toby keith died. who says fraternities don't have goals 
there were at least 5 of us standing around the bathroom stall cheering you on to throw up. 
I just packed a bowl in my room and use glad press n' seal to cover it so it wouldn't dump out in my pocket . 
And surprisingly enough iPhone does not have an app for Russian mail order brides. 
Dude, just paid my sister in vicodin to go out and buy me a slushie. 
he just called me skinny, hes either trying to get laid, or i'm going to have to marry this man 
I didn't want to talk to him so I just started telling him how important Jesus was to me 
I love having hate sex. 
we went through the mcdonalds drive through and you asked for a free sample of their fries to see how you liked them. 
Dont judge me. Him and his friends got me drunk for free, the least i could do was suck his dick 
I don't know what happened last night but I woke up this morning with "wolf pack" tattooed on my knuckles. 
It's gotten to the point where even copying off yahoo answers is still way too much work. 
We just watched planet earth in marine bio. And our prof told us that was all we were doing on 420 
you thought you were invisible so you started narrating your actions. 
if you were to get worldwide popularity from playing guitar with a plastic yellow bat while drunk on YouTube, would you hate me? 
then we talked for a little and he asked my last name which since I have yet to get a fb request I'm 95&#37; sure its for a restraining order 
During the middle of giving him head, he flashes his phone and says "I like to watch." 
Word to the wise: learn how to ask "What is my bail posted as" in French before traveling abroad. 
So I'm about to go to his house and have "I'm really sorry for cheating on you last night" sex 
doing shots has become such a natural thing to me that i just instinctively swallowed listerine 
I love wearing low cut shirts cuz then when class gets boring, I can look down and admire my breasts. 
I went to go pee and found a strand of your hair wrapped around my penis. 
my mom just asked me what a queef is. she needs to stop watching south park 
he fucked me so hard my future children felt it 
A 20 minute car ride back to your car with the girl u had drunk anal with is the most uncomfortable thing ever. 
i wish we had morning classes together so we can spike our coffee. 
You're the 8th person from last night to text me this morning and ask if I'm ok. 
Day 3 of Lent and I would already kill a puppy if God would give me permission to masturbate 
The more I hate his personality, the more I love his penis. 
The way I see it, if i don't fail the midterm and blow off some of the projects, how else am I going to get motivated to study for the final ? 
He was a level 5 clinger dude i dont need to be told how ridiculously awesome i am all the time, if so id just hang out with my mom 
my mom just called and warned me someone is trying to serve me, i feel like i'm playing an extreme game of hide and go seek these next weeks 
Y'know, without the cops, it would've just been us daydrinking, 
He told me that he wishes our relationship was more like prison: less touching, more butt sex. 
You know those ponds where you go and pay $5 and your guarranteed to catch a fish thats how i describe her 
Is it wrong that im more embaressed about the karoke than the toplessness? 
it's amazing how much more room there is in my purse when I'm not carrying alcohol in it 
5 Four Lokos being cheaper than a case should be illegal. 
I would give up sex for lent, but I think Jesus would understand that I went too long without it to go back now. 
The bong broke. we're having a little funeral followed by an inaugeration service for the new one 
youre totally missing out on eating your boogers right now. my entire face is numb 
last night was the icing on my 3 week vodka binge cake 
whos cum tastes better, a guy who drinks apple juice or cranberry juice? 
No period for spring break; use this wisely. 
Someone will be leaving this trip either pregnant or devastated. 
About to find out how well alcohol and lazer tag mix. 
I'm not 100&#37; on this, but I'm pretty sure I just accidently talked my way into a threesome. 
jungle juice &#43; heels &#43; stairs = broken arm 
Surefire way to sober up: discover that your car is being towed at 2 am. 
Tiger Woods should have just walked in, gave everyone a high five, and left. 
my girlfriend just compared my daughters eyes to gollum from lord of the rings. 
buying booze in bulk is always a bad idea. i wish there was some direct deposit-like system 
Just got thank you sex for shoveling the driveway. I cant wait for the next blizzard 
She got a tattoo in memory of her cat, my attratcion to her is no more. 
Umm ok I'm kinda freaked out right now bc the chick that lives next door is either having tantric sex or slowly suffocating her dog to death. 
you knoww youre high when you are just as concerned as the contestants on ultimate cake off as they move their 250 lbs cake over the ramp 
vagina is talking i cant 
those are the first brownies ive had since i was 13 that didnt have weed in them. 
dont get me wrong, i like when a guy is into my boobs but when he started saying mama i want milk let me suck, i gathered my shit together and bounced. 
Even My mom was ashamed of me bringing her home, she pulled me aside, and told me i can do better than, "butter faces" 
I'm thinking of writing "I have herpes" on my stomach in sharpie that way I'm not tempted to show my tits tonight 
i DID NOT walk around with my knees bent and my hands behind my back with long spandex and underarmour pretending to be Apollo Ono 
I don't know what you're doing, but there's a dragon on my street. 
Today was the day I stopped kidding myself and started buying the handle of vodka. 
Hey bro u need to come home now, me and andy just had a 15 minute conversation about fig newtons. f this bong 
you wouldn't stop saying "oil can" in the tin man voice until I gave you back your flask 
My landlord wasn't pleased about the new fire pit we built him. 
There's a girl sitting in front of me making a PowerPoint on Jack Bauer. 
The hardest part of getting a new computer is deliberating whether to start the cycle of porn and viruses all over again. 
last time i saw her she was begging the broken jukebox to play lady gaga. 
No I remember falling down the stairs I just don't remember it hurting. 
So gin and wine won't be happening again 
i just saw a man pushing two thirtys of beers in a stroller while his little kid ran to keep up. father of the year 
im going to live freely with my legs opened and my heart closed 
There is a girl in bio drinking beer out of a starbucks cup with a straw 
I don't think the people up for their 8am class were as impressed with how many beads i got last night as we were. 
You answered the door when the cops arrived with a beer in one hand and a pillowcase over your head yelling "GAGA, OOH LA LA!" 
the cops didnt even wait to start drinking the confiscated alchohol from the party 
I just withdrew $200 in ones. I think the teller knew what was up 
My gaydar just like overheated and exploded watching the male figure skaters on the olympics 
Hypothetical question: If I threw up in the dishwasher do I clean it up or just turn it on? :&#40; 
you drank 3/4s of your half gallon of vodka, made a fort out of the kitchen table, and actaually had sex in in it. 
The best time of year to be high is WHEN THE KING CAKES ARE HALF OFF BECAUSE MARDI GRAS IS OVER YEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH 
she gave up head for lent, but she said sex was still fair game 
you know that saying beer then liquer makes you sicker, it should be beer then pickles makes you throw up alot, everywhere. 
College is just filling the gap until I get a rich girl pregnant 
my passenger side seat is covered in alcoholic jello with a nude mannequin in it 
Just saw a picture of your new tub, cant wait to pee in it 
he mailed me a thank you note for the blowjob. 
you went around grabbing cigarettes out of peoples mouths and claiming you were curing cancer. 
Somehow last night, my dad got me so drunk that I ended up throwing up on the couch, turning the cushions over to hide it, and going to sleep on them. 
you convinced me to pee myself because I was wearing dark jeans. 
You said you didn't deserve to walk so you started crawling down to your room 
yeah my parents were only ten feet away and we somehow managed to do it in five different positions without them noticing 
I just went to a chocolate syrup wrestling party I think you need to get on my level 
you were watching a documentary about sharks and wouldn't stop stroking my legs and whispering "what if they could walk?" 
im pretty sure every drug dealer is going to be able to retire the day after alice in wonderland comes out 
hungover &#43; watching bobsledding = i just puked 
We had literally Just finished having sex when he handed me a plan B and said he lied about wearing a condom. 
I'm not saying we can't have sex tonight, I'm just saying we have to work it around Lost. 
My student's should feel privledged to see me tuesday after the amount of alcohol I consumed this weekend. 
I know we didn't hook up because i was still wearing my fanny pack in the morning 
dibs on John Mayer's hood pass 
Judging by what's in the bathroom right now, I see you graced us with your presence last night. 
just because she blew him doesn't mean she knows his name. 
Her vagina smelled like bad decisions 
Just got arrested at PF changs. Happy New year, China 
Can the rest of this semester just go by as a montage? 
During sex he wiggled his hips and said "I'm turning the ice cream" Deal breaker? 
He said he's gonna start calling me "Benny" because we're "friends with bennyfits" 
getting your period on valentines day is like an extra little fuck you, now you REALLY have no chance of sex tonight. 
These old people don't even realize they're giving me weed money for shoveling snow. 
ugh the "ive seen you naked on the internet" look is really getting tiring 
i realized i had a pad on before i went to this guys house so i stuck it in his neighbors shrub. 
normally i'm against accepting campers on facebook but this one saw me giving head to another counselor and didn't say shit about it to my boss so i feel like shes earned the right to look at my sloppy drunk pictures 
If i'm not hungover, near death, and wondering what i did the night before on Monday, life is not worth living. 
That bus ride was like a tour of all the bushes I puked behind last night 
there's chicken and sequins in our bathroom sink. part of me almost wants to know what happened 
you decided to have a spaghetti fight but then you got greedy and decided to eat it all. 
Yes. Being a lesbian's wingman is a fun as it sounds 
why are there beer bottles in my dishwasher? 
Just try to lay there and not be pregnant. 
i just woke up to 15 people singing a whole new world 
whenever I think of his sister, I just picture a chick with a huge beard 
she complimented my bra when we were hooking up. this lesbian thing has its upsides 
closing bar tabs have helped me with simple math in college. 
i thought i was the drunkest one there til some girl puked in the tip jar. 
I just had a dream where Bob Saget recognized me from when I hung out with him in a dream I had months ago. 
I'm gonna get drunk and through up on the first happy couple I see. 
she was stuffing dove chocolates in my mouth while giving me a blow job. GOD I LOVE VALENTINES DAY 
she said her black crocs were her 'dress up crocs' 
do you remember wearing her cheetah rainboots and making bacon shirtless? 
How the hell can the Olympic committee frown so much on weed and yet put on a show you would have to be high to actually enjoy? 
Dude, she looked like the Canadian Slam Poet, neck hair and all. 
im guessing your the one that tried to make bacon in the toaster 
keep it on the DL tho cause i dont want it getting out and it coming off like i kidnapped her or something 
Omg i either met the gayest dude ever or my next boyfriend 
An alarm set every 45 minutes saying "FATTY" and one every afternoon saying "CASPER" every day until spring break is a foolproof plan to being bikini ready 
My plan for valentine's day: take a shot for every guy I've slept with. To keep me from going to the hospital I'm only doing half a shot for small dicks 
you came in and threw goldfish on our blue carpet and screamed SWIM BITCHES and then made me drink a best friends potion with you 
her tits were misleading. turns out she wasn't cool, smart and funny 
Olympics start in one day, that gives us 24hrs to think of gold medal worthy drinking games 
im trying to make cookies in the george foreman 
trying to figure out who visited the hillshire farms website enough for it to be in my top sites. 
i cant remember past the part when we filled his tub with skittles. 
We had sex this morning and after she goes, " So are we going to do something for Valentines Day?" 
did i have both of my shoes on when the bouncer threw us out last night? 
when I woke up I found a half-eaten cherry toaster strudel sandwich with bacon in the middle. 
he must have thought the song was "ejacuate on the dance floor" 
I saw a seagull swallow a hot-dog whole today, it reminded me of you. 
STOP fucking him and come play in the snow with us! 
Well he asked to have a sober hang out so i guess that constitutes as a date in college 
friends with benefits? more like friends with awkward sexual tension 
I was cleaning up my drunken mess and I found my ID in a cereal box 
there were more penises there than on chat roulette 
Dude just fell down the stars trying to leave class early, the prof just looks down at him and says"thats what you get" 
you said "tonight pinky, we take over the world" and then came in my face 
If I die tonight, I want you to know that your sister is awesome in bed 
I just saw a dude get out of an ambulance with nothing but wallabees on 
What kind of flower means "I want to have unprotected sex with you, preferably from behind?" because thats the message I'd really like to send on Valentines Day 
Ed hardy stationary at walmart. I'm betting snookie wishes she knew how to write 
we gave some random guy a shot for shoveling our sidewalk. 
at first I thought it was funny, but looking at it now, it screams "dramatic" and "medicated wipes." 
So, apparently, "i expected your penis to be bigger" isn't good pillow talk. 
this one can actually spell my name, that's a shoe-in 
I tried ok? my penis just doesnt like her as much as my mother does 
Drinking in an igloo changes everything. 
adderall flavored popcorn. yes we did it and its awesome 
You came back with puke all over your sweatshirt and started doing darth vader impressions 
I don't think there's a better bc pill reminder then when teen mom comes on 
you kept typing in answers.com, why are the state police calling my house, expecting an answer 
Wow, being the totally hot and slutty looking 30 year old lady on the dance floor does NOT necessarily mean that she has skills in bed. 
No, he will live forever, like cockroaches and Jack Bauer. 
Dude I'm 99% sure I'm witnessing an e-harmony date at panera, prob late 40's, this is better than the movies. 
I still can't believe I found a dildo in my ceiling today. 
I didn't mind getting the stomach flu from him. we had great sex AND I'm seven pounds lighter 
the liquor store lady asked about three times if I was sure about buying two fifths of everclear. i told her I wanted to be on cops 
thank you for introducing me to everyone on chat roulette as I was passed out. 
shut up. I wear heels bigger than your dick 
it felt like a thousand fairies were licking my balls. 
And for 6 straight hours, I laid on my bedroom floor trying to convince myself it would perfectly acceptable to pee on my own floor 
It's sad that he has such a beautiful cock and doesn't know what to do with it. 
I wish I had a waterproof laptop so that I would watch porn in the shower. 
I should be nowhere even remotely near facebook in this condition. 
You don't know the meaning of what the fuck until you wake up naked and alone in someone's bed staring at a dead squirrel on their dresser. 
i wish semen tasted like chocolate 
And by the way, how is me getting head even remotely comparable to you fucking 3 guys? 
Whats a good hint for stop bitching im gonna give you head 
remember earlier when I said I was over sex with random boys? take it back take it back take it back 
you rubbed the head of my dick and said "I shall call you Squishy and you shall be mine and you shall be my Squishy." 
heey were did you guys go? last time i remember seeing you i was throwing up in the fountain 
My teachers should feel privileged to see me this morning, after the amount of alcohol I consumed last night. 
I'm still reeling over the fact that you beat us all at Risk while you were flat on your ass drunk and falling asleep on South America. 
I've decided that my new worst fear is that I'll end up on "I Didn't Know I was Pregnant" 
The man at the Honda dealership told me I smell like vodka and probably shouldn't be driving. 
My boss just gave me full permission to come into work wasted this weekend. 
I woke up in what appears to be a taco bell graveyard in my bed. 
i was just skypeing her and i saw the vagisil medicated wipes in the corner of her room. i'll be breaking this off tomorrow 
He just washed his hands with scrubbing bubbles yelling "They work hard so I don't have to!" 
Whenever someone from high school gets pregnant or has a pregnancy scare my self esteem grows a good 5 points 
where'd the toddler underneathe the beer pong table come from? 
that shit musta been laced I laughed for two hours and everyone looked like penguins 
i told her my name was noah and she leans in and whispers "that makes me so wet." ive never been more thankful for the Notebook 
At McDonald's last night the guy gave you the wrong kind of McFlurry, so you screamed at him, "YOU MCFUCKED UP." 
I just got a ticket for the snow penis we made in our front yard. 
hey I'm just gonna fall asleep in the bathroom at the library call me when you're done with class 
I know it may not be fiscally responsible to pregame fifty cent night, but I'm gonna go ahead and do it anyway. 
I havnt been this mad since the coche de Los murtos incident 
i can tell by the sound of your bed that he isnt that good at sex. 
i just heard someone have an orgasm and then throw up through the vent in my room. 
Come see our sink grown plant. 
It doesn't matter if he doesn't speak English because I speak the international language of blowies. 
I think I should become a real estate agent in th friend zone I know the place so well 
Give me one situation where peeing in your garage could be a bad idea 
there are seriously like six guinea pigs in my bathtub right now 
everyday i am more and more thankful i can still check the no box for "have you ever been convicted of a felony?" on applications 
Nothing says "This dudes gotta go" better than a boner on your back waking you @ 5 in the morning 
So thanks to the xanax and vodka memory erasering combo i wake up only to reopen a picture of some very familiar balls 
she met some random, took his vcard, peed in his bed, left, and then requested him as her boyfriend on facebook 
You came in at two thirty, wearing your underwear and a tie then asked where you could find a sombrero and a pair of stilletos that would fit your men's size thirteen feet. 
I dk what to do with this kid he is like legitimately interested in my life. 
We tried to play doctor all sexually then he was taking down my 'symptoms' I said I needed to puke he thought it was part of the game 
she added me on facebook and her celebrity doppelganger is rosie odonnel. FUCK 
you need to leave class get on facebook and start untagging IMMEDIATELY 
If there's ever a time when I've matured to the point that I don't want to look at camera-phone-titties, go ahead and bury me in a shallow grave by the railroad tracks. 
me and this guy in my office just exchanged an "i saw you at a drag show last night" look as he passed by my desk. 
running late. just ran over a dude on a bike 
Seeing him suck some chick's face on VH1 wasn't exactly how I imagined the "we should see other people" conversation going. 
10 dollar pizza all the toppings you want. Wait Until You See This Pizza 
but seriously ill do anyone in one of those hats with the earflaps. 
I was doing the dishes wondering what was with all the tiny little cups, but then I remembered that some people drink things other than huge mixed drinks and big cups of water the next day. 
You know your in college when you use the receipt from the liquor store as a bookmark 
she was seriously choking and the whole time all he kept saying was "that's what she said" 
Superbowl &#43; Mdma, hope we're on the same page. 
It's been over a month and I still can't find the bra I wore out on new years eve. 
What can i say, inner beauty is great but it makes a hard picture to jack off to 
So this snow storm is NOT helpin my masturbation problem 
I'm walking down the halls of our hotel and listening for sex noises and knocking when I do. 
It's impossible to flirt with the bank tellers because they see how broke I am. 
road dome is illegal, just asked in driving school. 
I couldn't even finish, she was lounder and more annoying than DJ Khaled 
i'm almost done photoshopping my face on his wife. it's a done deal 
Relationship's official after skype sex--college kid at his finest. 
I may or may not have puked in my RA's suggestion box. 
sperm doesn't mix with malibu too well 
She wouldn't go home with me cause I forgot her name. I didn't realize it would matter after she danced with her vagina on my face 
while you were getting the key to the dorm from the lobby i was giving a drunk monolog to the security camera about my life 
I think jizz is working it's way to becoming my number 1 food source. 
The night ended with a lot of tears and everyone singing along to Willenium 
if my spotter knew I was listening to the Wicked soundtrack on my iPod, I wouldn't even be mad if he dropped the barbell on my throat 
I feel like you just avenged me for every guy who came in my hair 
How do you politely bring up someone's criminal record? 
i just saw her new tattoo, how much more trashy can you get than having "taste the rainbow" on your body for the rest of your life? 
considering i was high when my dad made me pee in the cup i might fail this one 
The stories of what you did in Cuba got home before you. 
is it bad that I only want to go to my boyfriends house bc I want to see his roomate walk around with his shirt off? 
mondays should just be called national damage control day 
there's only 1 girl at Mount St Mary that's a virgin. the Mary statue standing outside 
she's into porn, im staying here tonight 
i rewarded my self with tacobell for not throwing up on any one. MISTAKE 
rather than putting your name in guys phones, you just texted 90999 to donate $10 to Haiti and then gave it back to them 
woke up at my desk with a paper in front of me that says "people stranded on islands love having wet dreams" what the fuck happened last night 
Somewhere out there, someone is getting laid. And then theres me, watching Star Trek porn while my roommate plays World of Warcraft next door 
I told him that he could only go home with me if he didn't talk or tell me his name 
If a man's penis is referred to as "the family jewels" does that make a woman's vagina a jewelry box? 
I'm sorry but all I really read was "my nipples will get hard." 
I will return your cat, I saw a mouse in my apt last night and your door was unlocked, it seemed really practical 
Had to use Google translator to be able to tell the cleaning lady not to throw away the condoms we have strategically placed throughout the house. 
It's a shame that I don't know his last name. Actually, it's an ever bigger shame that I don't know his first name 
My boobs are too big for things to be going this downhill in my life. 
my desire to fuck abstract ideas &#40;bravery, love, popsicls,,&#41; increases by 8bajillion&#37; when I'm high 
Some kid in my class just puked in his backpack, zipped up the backpack, put the backpack on and walked out the door. 
Ate pizza for the 3rd time today, can't decide if that's disgusting or an amazing aspect of American culture. 
I'm eating my dinosaur chicken nuggets in the order they would die in the food chain. 
you told me to make out with him to promote the social success of the sorority 
on a scale of 1-10how much freaking out is acceptable if you just found a &#40;possibly used&#41; cock ring in the head board that your parents gave you? 
So I've officially decided that I AM that drunken mistake that girls hate themselves for in the morning. 
You stole her bday cake and shared it with drunk strangers on the street. 
i think our first tip to leave should have been when we saw the drinks were coming out of a gas can 
tagging him in all 73 close-ups of your cleavage might have been a little obvious. 
I really hope I'm not the first person who's had to wash vomit off of cash and credit cards. 
is the shake weight an appropriate valentine's day present? 
all she kept saying was "harder" "mayo" and "who are you" 
hows a nice way to say "yeah i would go to your dorm, but it's snowing and I know you're not going to blow me, so what's the point"? 
her dad is making me watch Glen Beck, i only agreed because i penetrated his daughter earlier. 
I just found three unopened cans of PBR behind our futon that I think I was saving for winter. 
i woke up with a grocery list signed by "the people who ate all your shit while you were passed out" 
As it would turn out, "jesusssssss" is not the password to enter Faith Chapel's wifi network. 
I am paying my roommate as much of the electric bill in pennies as possible because I hate her. 
I was so high last night. I wrote a poem about my salt shaker 
Literally 6000 elephants in my backyard. 
and then she yelled "im going to fuck the next guy that walks by me". so ya thats how i lost my virginity 
I just jerked it so loud the neighbor banged on their floor. maybe my wife got the point 
he asked me if i wanted "a hit" off his inhaler. its definitely time for a new roommate 
you are the best fuck buddy i could have, all the others get feelings and morals involved 
Me &#43; Nice restaurant &#43; Copious amounts of booze &#43; obscene comments to couples = valentine's day plans 
Let's create a 16 and pregnant drinking game 
i knew she was high when she broke up the cookies into her glass of milk and ate it like cereal 
The trick is to not slur when purchasing the condoms at 3am 
i lost my phone in the process of getting a condom out of my hair 
That taco smell coming from your belly button was a huge turnoff 
Were not really friends so much as I suck his dick a lot 
the girl I was having sex with just mumbled victory for msu during sex. i love basketball season 
Vodka &#43; horseback riding = vomit in the saddle bags 
Have u Seen that eharmony commercial where the guy goes " I don't know how I could love her anymore, but tomorrow I will'. Yeah that guy should kill himself 
i wish there was a 'silent except for booty calls' volume level on my phone 
And don't be too jealous. Drinking alone watching a chick flick and masturbating isn't nearly as glamorous as it sounds 
Girls behind me in the library are trying to outslut each other with stories from last semester. I'm about to set my cock on the table between them and label it "tie breaker" 
the only bad part about drinking alone is that in the morning there's nobody who can tell you what you did 
I think any school that has COCKS written on it's baseball hats has their priorities straight. 
At what point did I eat out of your mouth? 
i got so high last night i cried hysterically for like 5 minutes because i dont have any superpowers 
birth control should be required to get into college 
people are starting to question the shark bite story 
He has 250 profile pictures. Of course he was a douchebag 
is it just me, or are high schoolers getting sexier? 
man i wonder what i would be like if i had never started smoking weed 
it's like iHOP with fire 
the entire lecture hall sighed when the prof announced that there will be an exam on 4/20 
yeah well we're currently on the phone and she's telling me about how much she misses me and all this shit and i muted myself and i'm watching porn. 
Someday soon you'll wake up next to a bottle of jameson and a half eaten lean cuisine and then you'll be just like me. 
It was ok at first, but now im getting freaked out by him jerking off to me doing yoga 
You told my mother that her salad dressing tasted like semen. 
Google Chrome's "top 8 most visited sites" page has become my motivation to stop masturbating 
just spent the last 4 hours searching ex-girlfriend porn to make sure there are no photos of me 
you know its a sad night when you can actually see and hear sitcoms on at the bar 
if it walks like a guido and talks like a guido, i'm gonna fuck it. 
i just bought weed at the top of a mountain, best decision of our lives to go to school in colorado. 
She solidified the fact that the icon from Wendy's is the only ginger I care for 
I'm proud of us, I'm cleaning up the place and I haven't found a single beer can that isn't empty. 
Well, I guess this was as good a night as any to find out I don't know how to use my fire extinguisher. 
My fight-or-flight response is really more fight-or-fuck 
At best buy, little boy just crawled into my stall while i was taking a shit 
Theres someone in the car behind me eating corn on the cob &amp; talking on the phone 
I don't know where I am but there are firefighters 
she handed me her phone while she blew me and told me to text her bf that she was at the store 
I'm 90&#37; sure a girl here is wearing a bra strap as a headband. 
lets make a pact to never make a pregnancy pact 
Slut skills are useful in every country. 
Im sick of reading dumb tattoos while having sex 
dude relax anyone of us could have gotten that girl pregnant 
sitting in class between the roommates of the two girls i fucked over break. this feels like a bad version of wife swap 
if i were reduced to my simplest elements, i would be jizz and glitter. 
Can we please have a moment of silence for my reputation? 
i find it sad that i can no longer sit in the back of class for fear that someone will fart into the heater again. 
Yeah i'm definitely friends with drunk kyle, not sober kyle. 
All I wanted to tell you is that I fucked a guy covered in fake blood, who circumcised himself. 
he told me it was a naked video of him so i opened it. i just got rickrolled while sexting 
It was not a dingleberry, it was a dinglemelon 
the dude from the bar called to tell his mom about me immediately after we finished PLEASE COME GET ME 
dear sober me, don't br the first to open the fridge in the morning 
and then when she swallowed her birth control with a shot of vodka and looked in my direction, i knew it was time to go. 
I think I'm cybering, it's been a while and its more in depth than it was in 8Th grade. 
He told me to pretend to be a shark, and he would slay me with his harpoon cock. 
How far into the semester do we have to be before it's ok to get drunk in between classes again? 
I'm cheering for the colts this year. I basically have to since my fake says i'm from indianapolis 
I'm gonna stay in bed all day and watch porn in an attempt to stay warm. 
He started yelling "fuck the environment" then puked all over the baby trees 
There is a distinct lack of front teeth here. 
Isn't the perk of being in a relationship not having to put in effort for sex? 
Note to self: Not getting laid all weekend makes girls in mondays classes racks seem enormously bigger. 
Drawing dicks in the frost on people's windshields is a rare joy I allow myself while walking to my 8 AM class. 
you assured me you'd make it home safe because your pizza rolls were waiting up for you. 
just fyi, hangover &#43; ice skates = really bad idea 
You deserve yourself a blunt and a build a bear. 
the last thing i remember was trying to convince him to call over his girlfriend so we could have a threesome 
two words: eviction party 
I just figured I'd let u know that you bought a yacht on ebay last night 
pop tarts are not kleenex 
You lit the bowl with a rolled up paper towel that you ignited on the stove. 
I just made out with a girl with a life jacket on wtf is going on 
If the first sentence isn't something about weed or the nature of choclate I'm skipping class. 
The only thing I can remember you saying is "I won't cut pizza like this when I'm older." 
ever seen your mom drunk enough to lick your face? i have 
Their flight hasn't even left yet and the 'buy food to keep yourself alive' budget is gone on tequila. 
Apparently shes in the bathroom puking but eating a pot roast she found in the fridge at the same time. 
the three of them together have enough kids to fill a barney live audience. 
i just woke up to seventeen texts from you saying all the things you would have done for a french fry. 
I somehow fell asleep on my kitchen counter using the microwave as a pillow 
Shit sorry. Maybe I wont give you this sweet ass fanny pack I found in my parents attic 
I had to stop messing around with him for fear of laughing in his face. I swear it was a pinky finger in his pants 
I wiped a tear off her cheek with my boner. It cheered her up 
He saw my tits then looked up and yelled thank you jesus as loud as he could 
Yeah she is in it for the money, wait til she finds out i am broke and the sex doesnt get better 
just had amazing sex with a girl I got caught with in second grade playing doctor. her examination is finallllly over 
It's weekends like this that make it obvious why we have to pay to come to college. 
you told me your penis was albino and it couldnt be exposed to light so you needed to keep it in me 
I'm way too drunk on a Sunday to handle this level of Jesus. 
When your really high you cant order into a clowns mouth 
I never thought I would get head to the lion king soundtrack 
The only thing that would make my night better is if William Shatner came and read me a bedtime story. 
if you ever come into my room screaming for me to set up rockband at 4:45 am ever again i will kill you 
It was like a little tadpole swimming in the big ocean. 
you have to be so drunk to ignore a taser 
I'm having sex on a snuggie, yes i stopped to text you 
hey just checking if u still hate me for sleeping with your sister? 
don't worry about the neighbors I'm like 99% sure all that snow covered a good portion of our vomit 
college "breaks" should be renamed "reminder why you left your hell hole of a life in the first place" 
The parties out here are fucking awesome and I've got the grades to prove it. 
Well at one point you put icyhot on your feet because you lost your shoes and it was snowing outside. 
Just figured out why my bed smells like weed: I just found a bowl in my pillow case? 
I hate the Packers so much, I wouldn't cheer for them if they were playing al Qaeda. 
Who would have sex with her? She looks like she shops at baby gap 
I wish there was some sort of "recently added" function for blackberrys so i could see what random numbers i got from the night before 
Note to self: when drunk try to remember that ctrl, alt and dance doesnt exist on a keyboard. 
you are my new fav person for making him do the walk of shame in pink footie pajamas! 
How do I recover from singing "your body is a wonderland" on his voicemail? 
The Rock is playing the tooth fairy. I can't believe I used to smell what that man was cooking 
i just looked at the calendar to see when spring break is and literally stopped eating 
her roommate was in the bathroom for over an hour so i volunteered to take the dog out and i shit in the bushes 
By the way, her vagina was so tight i was worried that i would be stuck forever 
Why do you apologize after every time we have sex? 
i just went through and liked all 1,239 of her pictures instead of writing my english paper. don't tell her, i want her to be surprised 
Mid thrust he tells me that we have bio together 
walkin around the woods blazed, drawing pictures of trees and plants, i get a grade for this 
She started to tell me how she goes to a shrink, so I started thinking how to sneak out of her place, then she said part of it was for her sex addiction, long story short she's got her clit peirced n I just got laid 
we were naked in his bed and he told me all about what a "baller" alexander the great was. 
you scanned your fake to get into the dorm last night and when the lady told you it was the wrong card you looked at her and said this is who i am thursday night 
fter the third song from an iPod commercial played I realized how much that frat sucked. 
I am spending my work day planning my weekend drinking schedule 
I FOUND THE PROF I'M GOING TO FUCKKKK. 
I just remember telling jokes while vomitting 
I just saw him at the bookstore and all I could think about was him licking your ass 
In my 8 am class there was a pack of birth control on the board with a note saying, "Some dude somewhere is unhappy." 
My dad just knocked on my door and told me that my vibrator was too loud 
I was so high I couldnt even listen to music i was terrified of the potential knowledge i would gain. 
like semen in my mouth is absolutely disgusting but i'd still like to experience it 
i just realized that fran drescher is the 90's version of a guidette. 
she asked me if i wanted her to take her wedding ring off while she was giving me a handjob. 
Since when does wearing a condom and going down on me make someone a gentlemen? 
no one should ever give us hovercrafts 
well after he sqeezed a zit off his forearm i got the hell outta there 
is asking a girl out on a date while in another girls bed in poor taste? 
she made my bed before she left. i think i'm gonna keep banging her to get the housework done 
Apparently faking a threesome isn't as much fun as you'd think 
my grandma just told me that size does matter, and don't let anyone tell you anything different. 
you drank a bottle of vodka and then while throwing up in my toilet you kept reminding me our hs reunion was in 2 yrs and it was time to start getting thin again anyway 
Getting pregnant off pre-cum is like getting high off erasers 
Hold on im havin a staring contest with my cat 
i knew it was time to break up with him once he pulled out the Halo foreplay costumes 
You stayed up for three hours wasted, feeding my rabbit 2 1/2 boxes of girl scout cookies. 
I just met the 30 percent of the population with an STD 
sarcasm needs its own font 
we were going to warn you, but we veto-ed that idea somewhere between "this is the stupidest thing we've ever done" and "let's order a pizza" 
i don't know what the guinness world record is for longest time eating nothing but skittles but i'm going on six days 
i dont care if i have to wear a pillow case, there will be an open bar at my wedding 
i literally would have sex with every single person on this girls wall, but not her 
the people going to church this morning while i was walking home did not seem as pleased as i was with how many beads i earned last night 
Please, do not let 'babydaddy' catch on as your petname for me. 
you yelled that ur labia majora was swollen at 3 am in the dorm hallway 
I threw up into my coffee this morning. 
I wonder if i passed any courses from last semester 
It's really too bad Cosmo doesn't have "What To Do When You've Drunkenly Sucked His Dick and He Doesn't Text You Back" article. 
well i was about to unbutton his pants but then i realized they had an elastic waste-band, so no, that didnt happen 
you pissed in a zip-loc bag and wanted 60 dollars for it 
i am doomed to only fuck guys with curved cocks 
so either half this theatre is as stoned as me, or day daybreakers is hilarious 
i just identified you from a description of your pipe 
i dont need a football game to get drunk and yell at my tv 
they almost convinced me to put "Funbags" in the 'other names you may be known as' section of the job application 
I just want you to know the floor between our rooms isnt sound proof "Captain Cock" 
Put your dick on his face to wake him up, dont worry its fine. 
fuck off i hope your children turn out to be republicans 
I hate that the only Italian aspect of me is I get red and sweaty when I drink 
I have "you made mistakes last night" written alllll over me. 
Pants on the Ground is the theme song of my life 
It honestly took me longer to beat Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time, than it did to have sex with her the first time we met. 
Why is there 6 cases of kwic trip dounuts dumped in my bed? Best 34 dollar wake up of my life 
i woke up naked with 27 half ripped $ bills in my bed from ripping them off the wall of the bar 
That's the last time I try to be adventurous at a gas station 
dude, boobs are like the porridge in goldylocks 
he took his pants off right in front of me then just stood there so i went for his boxers and he said he was waiting till marriage 
Can you imagine it being physically possible any other way unless the cows are unnaturally flexible 
If I die and they 'assume' it's natural causes, just go with it. 
just taught 3 girls from korea how to fist pump on chat roulette. 
Most of the time people just stick whatever they want in my mouth. Thanks for letting me decide this time 
We shared that special kind of eye contact that can only be experienced when you know one party is saying "Oh god, I fucked him in the back seat when you were in the front, didn't I." 
I'm always impressed by your drunken ability to quickly gauge how long it's been since you've shaved and whether or not your prospective hook up will care. 
U sang "shots, shots, shots" then walked 2 ur top drawer and threw socks everywhere singin "SOCKS, SOCKS, SOCKS!" 
I cant watch the real world now after jersey shore. its like trying to go back to vagina once uve had anal 
either way he was missing a nipple. 
you kept making us tell you how cute you looked in your new outfit, even after you threw up all over it 
he was wearing 3D glasses the whole time. 
I'm at Lowes and I'm constantly looking for things to vomit in, just in case 
the first call I got in the morning was from visa fraud prevention so yeah it was one of those nights 
At what number of girls whose last names are stored in your phone book as drinking establishments does it become excessive? 
she's like bobby knight all she does is scream and point 
my Prof for my bio lab has his lab coat collar popped. it's 8 am and im too hungover for this guy 
The guy at the liquor store just checked my id and said "oh it's you" 
in the bathroom helping her wash cum out her eye. pretty much explains my sex life 
We're playing Edward Bottle-of-eight-dollar-sale-wine-hands now 
The more my room-mate speaks, the more I notice that she was home schooled. 
Girls only wine night turned into a sloppy drunk lesbian orgy again 
At this point it has been so long i wouldnt know what a dick was if it slapped me in the face. 
I don't remember coming home but there is cereal EVERYWHERE 
you went up to him and asked if you could have "friend sex." He looked like a 7 year old on christmas morning 
he held my hand while i was giving him head. freud's gotta be turning over in his grave 
He literally had no idea who I was, so he made me turn around 360 degrees and when he saw my ass, he blurted out my first AND last name. 
she asked if mt Rushmore was natural or man made 
she thought the capital of kansas was topanga. 
Just walked by a guy on campus YELLING 'Im still hammered' 
They past out watching a re-run of the 1984 presidential debate on cspan 
i just sent my parents are gone come over I have condoms to my mom because Derek changed my numbers while I was passed out 
Could you explain why there is an Australian passport in your toilet? 
Even Lady Gaga hates Purdue 
I wish my dick could take responsibilities for his own actions 
He sat on a barstool and did the robot for 3 hours - I'm pretty sure he enjoyed himself. 
Is a Chipotle burrito an acceptable "sorry I ran over your cat" gift? 
I just watched Jersey Shore so I would know what rock bottom was when I reach it. 
since i spend so many of my nights sleeping on the bathroom floor i think im going to remove all toiletries from under my sink and replace them with a pillow and blanket. 
my brother wants to know why there are wet balloons in his bed and i think you forgot to throw the condoms away but im too hungover to check if thats what hes talking about 
after you threw up, you tried to prove you were sober by reading the ingredients off the shampoo bottles 
I feel like every car around me knows I'm driving in my snuggie 
And then i made him answer questions about me before i took off my clothes 
He gave a passionate hug to every tree on the way to my car. 
Even if he doesn't call, at least I can say i fucked a mascot. 
We just stood on the porch wondering how you managed to puke up a whole piece of bologna 
nothing like a negative hiv test and a bag of condoms to brighten my day. 
Fighting the police is like screwing a fat girl, if I'm drunk enough I'll do it 
Either I get my picture taken sitting on a fuckin pony, or I'm not coming. 
She said she didn't want to have sex because she was so torn up about "this whole NBC thing." 
once my pubes got caught on her snaggletooth it was all downhill from there 
They were so slutty we had to play "rarely have I ever." 
a bus full of elementary school kids may or may not have seen me pissing off my front porch this morning 
It's gotten to the point where NOT peeing in the sink feels strange and uncomfortable. 
My mom said she was relieved to see that I'd gained some weight bc she's "always worried" that I might have AIDS. 
She had a muffin-top while wearing a one piece bathing suit. Thats gotta break one of newton's laws or something 
After that we used the in-room hotel coffee pot to warm up some queso. it was brilliant 
puking up blue gatorade is not as nearly as much fun as it sounds 
Last night drunk me texted a sure to be hungover me my class schedule and locations for today. I'm like a mom preparing her child for the first day of school 
she keeps a pillow, blanket, and a pack of saltines under the bathroom sink, for "rough nights". 
And then he said "my dick isn't hard enough and your tits aren't big enough for this to work" 
You were so trashed that when you dropped your fruit rollup on the floor, you just sat next to it and cried. 
Sacagawea was the original milf. 
I actually had to roll up my long sleeves to masturbate. I hate the winter 
Either way I should probably pregame on the plane 
we ran out of wine so you tried to make some by throwing grapes and nail polish remover in a blender. 
Yep just saw a license plate that read "taint 2" which implies there is a "taint 1". Only in Florida 
Sex should be hot, sweaty, messy, and a little painful. At no point should it involve tiny rocks 
His facebook interests include 'unstrapping velcro'. 
So I just went to student health services and on my way in there was a girl outside on her phone saying "I just dont want you to be angry" and on my way out she was saying "I have the side effects sheet right here" Someone started the semester off classy 
MTV running anti-sexting commercials is a slap in the face to everything our generation has accomplished. 
my grandma just put on bowling shoes, to play wii bowling. 
today is like waiting for pizza day in elementary school, but with sex added 
standing in the yard with no pants on waiting for google maps to come and take a picture. 
you were the first one he came out to and you announced it as the finale while singing karaoke at the bar 
I had a new years resolution not to be a whore anymore, but I think I'm gonna wait till 2011 
my grandma was just praying before dinner, and before she could finish my gpa lifted his glass and said 'and here's to avatar!' 
i just keep taking vicodin and supergluing random shit 
its no coincidence her full name and "cling" are the same in t9 
His shirt was in the kitchen sink this morning, I'm pretty sure my roommates know. 
Please stop bringing your one night stands to Sunday brunch. 
He DELETED brick breaker off his blackberry why even bother trying to find something in common? 
Can you still call it a wet dream if sandwiches were involved? 
I seriously fake cumming more than i poop. 
you were carrying a trash bag around insisting it was your purse. I'll let you guess how your night went 
got a scholarship and a hot psych teacher. hello spring 2010 
Amanda Bynes on the cover of maxim is my 8th grade masturbation fantasy come to life 
He booked his flight from Dallas already, no ticket to the game, said hes gonna bang some girl at tailgait to get a ticket, I had to explain that it will be sub 20 degrees F during tailgate, he decided to come in july instead, Texans are dumb. 
The professor just announced to the class that I talked to him in the bar on my birthday. 
Tell me why Im cashing out of Walmart with Smirnoff and catfood 
Never again let me pretend to be australian for free booze. 
Immaculate conception is definitely the most boring way to conceive a child. 
It's cold our but I feel like a very blazed penguin 
i'm making a list of conversation topics in my blackberry so the ride won't be so awkward 
I'm like a warm blanket that has sex with you 
Do you think Tom Brady went home tonight and changed his facebook status to "pink with lace"? 
good thing vaginas are great cup holders 
her underwear stopped being sexy when i saw her pubes sticking out of the top. 
I love my penis, it thinks for me sometimes 
He was telling me how the song fireflies makes him feel like he can talk to animals 
So me and friend just finished Eiffel towering this girl and sounds great in theory but after the high five has commenced its just a weird threesome especially when you make eye contact with your buddy during the session 
i would only ever fuck harry potter if he was on a broomstick. 
He's trying to wipe up all the spilled drinks with a banana 
then she said "on the count of three I think we should apologize to eachother" 
okay so using the row boat as a giant snow sled probably wasn't the best idea. 
So i guess my mom went into the kitchen and asked me why i was making mac and cheese at 4 in the morning and apparently i yelled at her to "get the fuck back bitch you don't know my life" 
just found a sign outside my brothers door "not going to church, don't even try" and he is covered is vomit in his bed. 
separated laundry into 'got laid' and 'didn't get laid' piles. 
He wrote my name on his dick, took a picture and then said "this has your name written all over it!" 
I decided that just having that story under my belt and being able to tell it to my grandchildren is worth the regrets of the evening. 
it will be a sad day when drinking racks of keystone isnt socially acceptable anymore 
her facebook's as public as her vagina 
how do i tell her that i need alcohol to fuck her but at the same time i cant get a hard on with alcohol. 
Why is there a case of Coors Light with my address on it? 
Your friends ate a hole through an entire loaf of bread 
I hope whoever gets these locks of love doesn't have a drug test anytime soon 
jusi got death stares at taco bell because I asked if Denise was working. 
Sometimes to bang a cougar u gotta play wii With her kids 
Family of uber douches all wearing ed hardy in a hummer taking up 2 parking spots at starbucks. Please be more cliche 
You decided to make a porno with gummy bears and things went downhill from there. 
Is it bad that your cum tickles when I swallow it? 
She kept saying I was her favorite Jonas brother, and for some reason, I was ok with that. 
She threw up everywhere and is crying about a fictional character who died on Grey's Anatomy 
dont try to nair your balls. i speak from experience 
The worst part is I think my tongue cut his penis and now he wont talk to me. 
Is it just me, or does Colt McCoy look like Herbie the Dentist from "Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer"? 
this weekend will be like the season finale to my life 
There is no excuse for watching a Jesse McCartney movie. 
Practice the "sorry I may have given you herpes" conversation with me before I call him and break the news 
no you cant smoke seaweed 
you did pass out in the elevator last night, so it could be motion sickness 
On a list of weird places to get a bj, how weird is in the basement of a pharmacy 
Did you know the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders have an exercise show ON Demand? Yeah, I had a lonely night 
They've started ranking girls from "paper-bag" to "I just came." Please come get me 
a cemetary is a place for people to rest in peace and you just spermed all over their land 
idk how it happened. she made a very smooth transition from crying to blowing me 
that last vodka shot was definitely the straw that broke the camels alcohol tolerance level 
Tonight's Real World episode reinforced the well-known fact that men of any caliber can hook up with girls named "Crystal" 
I mean come on, he's the best quarterback in the state and doesn't even know how to put on condom 
i woke up in the lobby of Holiday Inn on a chair sitting up straight 
I'm so hungover i just sang the alphabet to see if "Z" comes after "W" 
I told the cop it was my birthday and he said "happy fuckin birthday", handcuffed me and threw me in the back of the cop car. 
Puked in a plastic neiman Marcus bag while driving. My biggest accomplishment yet 
I'm afraid my bank account can't handle syllabus week. 
wow, so sex, not that great its like masturbating with a warm towelette, like the kind you get at a japanese restaurant 
I just signed a document stating that I would dd all summer if they would go pickup food. 
i'd date him for the sole reason that he thanks me after giving him head 
he said 'i want to be the peanut butter to your jelly, just without the crust' and then tried to take me shirt off 
but there are maragaritas for $3 so that was all i needed to hear 
PS, you're not being slutty, you're "making dreams true." 
I'd call her a cunt, but she dooesn't seem to have the depth or warmth. 
My mom is getting really tired of hearing the excuse 'it's 5 oclock somewhere' 
I'm sitting by the window waiting for the sun to go down so that I can start drinking. 
The bartender let me pay my bar tab with my itunes giftcards. 
its always fun the next morning to look around the room and see where all the clothing landed. 
the blizzard started in kansas. im debating driving to a bar now so i can get snowed in there for the game 
At least my shower head will respect me in the morning. 
I am not deleting the internet history anymore, now I am going for shock value. 
you have to give me like a days notice for these kinds of things, you cant just call at 9 am and expect me to be sober 
i carry sandwiches in my pockets more than any normal person should 
You proceeded to call me a hoe and then informed me that Bear Grylls is and always will be more important than I am to you. 
In Canada she would be a 10 but here in America she's only a 7 
Princesses don't give blow jobs 
So I had to explain to her that pussy doesn't mean a cat 
i called her out for picking her nose in public and he still wonders why i don't like her! 
We were sexting and at the end, instead of us having sex, he decided to put "we fell asleep in each others arms." 
My vag wants to play a game of hungry hungry hippos with your cock. 
i think she is mad at you for trying to take a shit in the back seat of her car 
i have a dinosaur tramp stamp 
Beer is about to convince me to do something really stupid. 
he was humming party in the usa while we were having sex. 
if you could put a roof over IU campus it would be the biggest whorehouse in the nation 
How long is the appropriate time period between a pregnancy scare and breaking up with my girlfriend? 
something about eating while taking a crap just doesn't seem safe to me. 
I wish my period boobs were my regular boobs. 
Pretending to care about her feelings is becoming a full time job 
hows that letter of apology to the waitress at waffle house coming? 
I wish real life had facebook tags so i could figure out who all these people are 
you were holding her hair as she threw up saying "I'm going to be a great doctor" repeatedly. 
spending the week with her family was quite possibly the longest ive ever gone without having a boner 
Just showed mom and dad the pics from San Francisco, while i played the Full House theme song in the background. 
Just watched my manager erase "we've been 2 days wo an accident" and change it to "0" these ppl are too high. 
20 yrs from now I just want to barge in her house and yell at her kids, "I took ur moms virginity!" 
you only had a canadian ten, but you said it was all good cuz you would just by molson. 
she was puking into the toilet drowning herself saying "its okay im a swimmer" 
I'm reducing my diet to vodka and rice cakes. 
You peed for a solid 5 minutes last night and turned around halfway through to give everyone watching a thumbs up 
I'm gonna play a drinking game called "Sarah takes the train" 
My phone now changes "me" to "mrrrrrrrrh", thank you new years. 
he was pretty good aside from the whole putting his tongue on my butt thing 
cant help it. i get a boner every time that shake weight infomercial comes on 
just ate frosted cheerios in coffee with some marshmellows. the college diet begins 
i dont care about people's attitudes as long as they give me head 
You probably havent been upstairs if you think that the microwave missing its door is bad 
Thats my favorite, when ex girlfriends become XL ex girlfriends 
so he tried marking my clit with a sharpie so he could "find it again next time". 
I think I've given more of my business cards to Chipotle trying to win free burritos than anyone else 
I wish the health center treadmills counted beers burned not calories 
his facial hair looked like he just ate out someone's ass 
can't wait for January to be Over so I don't have to see all the fat resolutionists working out. 
Sometimes I wish I could peel his face off and use it to take all the money out of his account. 
what made it akward was his girlfriends dog watching us have sex 
Ever since I discovered that youporn works on blackberry, my brickbreaker skills have gone to shit 
needless to say, I hope she has to get an abortion again 
I was just texting to see if your vagina was working yet. 
do you know how hard it is to sit through a 3 hour movie with someone and not fuck them? 
Taking the airport shuttle drunk should not happen this often in my life. 
we were holding hands throwing up into the same garbage can; if thats not true love i dont know what is . 
There isn't a single transaction on my online bank account that doesn't involve drugs or alcohol since November 12 
I figured he was gay when I walked in on him working out to Flirty Girl Fitness. 
there's got to be a less slutty way to tell him the baby isn't his 
Just tried to tap morse code on the wall seperating our beds to tell you I was awake and ready to smoke 
Sober January is a disaster. 
Dude, I think my check liver light just came on 
I knew you were drunk when you poured scotch on a croissant and ate it. 
Shes in the fridge organizing my beer collection. I love having a girlfriend with OCD 
I only had sex with her cause she looked like jwoww from jersey shore 
your idea of a balenced meal is a microwave frozen burrito, a cup of ramen noodles, and a can of budlight. honestly tell me how your resolution is to lose weight, 
mom asked me why i'm never sober at family events, i told her i learned it from her. 
so i think im going to actually use my calories on food today instead of beer. 
girls just need to accept the fact that i'm going to make out with their boyfriends 
don't leave me alone with all the disney princess sluts 
corn on the cob and anal lube are not substitutes for the real thing 
nothing says happy new years better than a black eye from shooting yourself with a champagne bottle 
it's not cheating when I paid for it 
he refused to get me toilet paper before we started drinking so I keep wiping with his towel. 
they were just spraying pledge on themselves and calling it lemon cologne. 
It was annoying to wait 4 hour for him to be inside for 5 seconds. 
he took off my shirt and said 'oh my god the legends are true' 
This was all being yelled across a beer pong table as all important things should be discussed 
i'm waiting for the less fat version of him to text me 
I love watching others lives come down to our level. 
hot ketchup is not a substitute for marinara 
even if everyone didnt know them screaming eskimo brothers and high fiveing over my head kinda gave it away 
you would think someone who fights for his country could fight to last longer than 2 minutes 
the 24 hour champagne diet aint going so well 
Puked on a Tom Jones impersonator on the strip 
Literally he has the smallest penis I've ever felt since 8th grade. 
Everytime I think about NYE, my gag reflex kicks in. 
tell me how a rose bowl party involves waking up to find a raccoon in my kitchen cabinet eating my oreos the next morning? 
just found my old 10th grade stash of beer in a shoebox. guess who's getting trashed tonight 
This house was built for laser tag. 
Do you ever go through someone elses pictures and just appreciate the fact that youre not really friends with them? 
I wonder if Barack Obama has ever been this drunk. 
You told me to hold on because you had to barf like a dinosaur. 
I have sucked so much dick this week I think I am going to start sweating semen 
I want to get so wasted that I make middle aged irish men look like mormon girls 
my new years resolutions dont apply when im drunk 
Some bum walked up and watched me getting head last night for like 5 mins before I noticed him 
the only reason i even kissed her was because we were having sex when it midnight, and i heard people yelling "happy new year." 
Using pokemon references during sexual acts is always a good idea. 
you mean i was at the winter classic? 
there was enough confetti in my bra to throw another NYE party 
at the gym hungover with vodka in a water bottle. don't say i'm not fulfilling my resolutions 
I'll name the documentary, "The Adventures of Megan's Vagina" 
im probably the most hungover person watchin icarly right now 
Let's just say for some reason we thought it was okay to make a burrito smoothie. 
I can die happy now, I have been kicked out of strip clubs on six different continents 
Ah, the precious few moments between when i wake up and when i realize why i'm sleeping on a treadmill. 
i need you to recap everything for me beyond "i think i'm gonna try vodka-pong" 
I think I just met the technical qualifications for binge drinking in five minutes 
new years resolution: more sex, less car punching, more chipotle. 
My parents just told me I first got drunk when I was 4. Successsssssss 
I apparently tried to stop my spending of money by sealing the top of my wallet with gum 
i kept drunkenly begging people i met to be in my facebook mafia 
the only thing i can think of after seeing avatar is "when are they gonna make avatar porn?" 
my shit smells like andre 
I only knew it was midnight because i got happy new years texts while i puked outside 
The only problem is i have violated all potential new years resolutions at the new years party. 
I wish the iPhone would register texts from 11:59 as "Last Year" instead of "Yesterday." 
New years is officially the only time its okay to drunk dial your parents. 
oh hey just found a glowstick in my tits. fuck yes new years eve 
Just promise me you won't ring in the new decade by clutching onto a toilet 
im just gonna turn drinking alone on new years into a tradition 
quitting drinking is the number 5 new years resolution but number 4 is enjoying life more which one do you think im going to pick 
just woke up with a thong on my face, dont remember going home with anyone and its way too big for it to be a good thing 
I hope my margaritas pass through security. 
I'm ready for my liver to be the last casualty of 2009 
all the sharp corners in my house are covered with litter foam blocks. al set for partying 
When you wake up, I have rum and am in town 
the amount of blow i got, New years should last a week. 
Don't pass out before midnight like you did last year. See how much your year sucked 
i'm not going because i feel like it's just gunna be a "this is your life" who i banged this years addition 
just paid a stripper to have a minute conversation about the arizona game WTF 
I cannot remember December 31 for the past 3 years. it might as well not even exist on my calendar anymore 
u were so high that u chewed on candle wax for an hour 
I don't plan to be alive for 2010 so ima say this 12 hours early. Happy New Year bitches 
Fist pumping is hard when country music is playing FYI but I am committed 
we were doing it doggy-style and i felt him pop that pimple on my back.I have mixed feelings about it 
She told me at midnight she would blow me harder than a new years party kazoo 
once the tequila comes in everyone elses feelings go out the window. 
you kept screaming i cant feel my vagina, it kinda killed the mood. 
we were like drunken butterflies among sober caterpillars, 
i am officially better prepared for a hangover tomorrow than i was for christmas. 
Does transporting jello shots count as driving with an open container? 
im spending all my christmas money on new years parafanalia aka things I will ingest or lose by the next morning 
you googled "nude photos of celebrities you wouldn't expect to have nude photos", puked into the beer bong, and then laughed 
just found my calculator watch from 6th grade. the hipster transformation is complete 
Buying $100 worth of beef jerkey sounded like a terrific idea last night. 
At chipotle, there's a bachelorette party starting out the night here, i'm going to let you imagine what the bride to be looks like 
how many times in life can you be kicked out of a pizza buffet for vomiting on the food and insulting small children 
unlike you, ive never imagined darth vader masturbating 
I wonder who the first pervert was, and if he would be proud of me for advancing his art form by so much 
do you think women who transgender themselves have the option of getting a circumcised or an uncircumcised dick? 
you told the cop you blew a .08 because you ate poppy seeds 
She just used a chaser for red wine. 
My new years resolution is to be alive new years morning 
Everyone is in jail. I'll see what i can do though 
Whats the name of the guy with his hand down my pants? 
you took out flashcards at the bar and went around asking guys what totalitarianism meant. 
i stopped calling them hangovers and started calling mornings a long time ago. 
Just took my first sake bomb. I love japan 
too bad being hungover isnt a job. just threw up from 9am to 5pm 
if i remember New Year's Eve then there is something seriously wrong. 
I think I should have my paycheck direct deposited to the bar 
margarita wednesday is really going to dip into new year's eve thursday 
he asked me to put his condom on because he couldn't see without his glasses 
words cant express how excited I am to make January 1st our own personal version of The Hangover 
Just made a Mimosa with Chardonnay and Emergen-C. 
you threw up in the bushes next to the ABC store and kept saying "you're home, blueberry vodka, you're home!" 
My cardio has turned into running out of the cold from bar to bar. 
She wrote me a poem titled "Penis Flower" and it wasnt a joke 
you kept lying down on the floor at the bar just to prove you could get back up 
im at a party in sweatpants, slippers, and a basketball jersey from the eighth grade, 10 bucks says im still getting laid 
i just called corporate taco bell to ask about the life span of a chicken burrito. 
I woke up face first on my living room floor arms outstretched toward the christmas tree 
I just read the lonely terrorist on nwa had 40 more friends than me on facebook 
I need Christmas break to be over. I'm tired of fucking my old High School girlfriends 
getting caught by my parents in bed with another guy was way easier coming out than telling them over dinner like I had planned. 
why do all canadians talk like horny gerbils are stuck in their throats? 
the guy at the pet shop just had an eye seizure while looking at my chest 
his cum shot went directly into his bellybutton. felt like i was playin ski ball 
i don't think my family understands the severity of a twenty first birthday. 
you went around and groping mens pants to see "which was worthy" of you to go home with. 
we need to drink 2009 down the drain 
vodka and carrot juice, if im gonna drink i at least got my 8 servings of vegetable 
There was a lot of him and a little penis 
she said "feliz nobby job" then proceeded to give me a blowjob. 
in the middle of it he kept shouting: im going to be masturbating to this for the rest of my life 
And now we have yet another reason to never travel to Detroit 
just convinced brandon semen are bugs that crawl in your pants and make gooey juice. now hes convinced he has them lmao 
Oh and apparently TSA has to open your present from my family or the terrorists win 
another holiday season passes without receiving a dick in a box, where did i go wrong in life? 
These 3 days between Christmas and new years when all the bosses are on vacation are essentially a competition to see who can do the least amount of work 
burritoes are like sleeping bags for ground beef 
May God have mercy on my new vibrator. 
frozen peaches as icecubes. vodka Sundays just got wayyyy better 
you didnt know i had herpes? 
Just found my car keys in your throw-up. 
Just passed a strip club with a Marquis sign that said 'tis the squeezin' 
tonight lets celebrate not being married 
Exactly how many bongs can i have before my parents figure out they really aren't vases 
so do the steelers give the refs blowjobs at halftime or after the game? 
i find it simply astounding you spelled drunken wrong but pterodactyl right 
Before he took my jeans off all he said was "no hard feelings from middle school right?" 
nothing cures the holiday blues like an open bar 
My birth control alarm gets more depressing every night. 
my 12 year old sister just told me how admirable it was that i felt comfortable going out with my friends dressed "like that" 
Ever since he's come out, my facebook stalking experience has gotten uncomfortable 
your youtube search consisted of "food slideshow" and "the angry beavers" 
my mom hid the smirnoff from me. this is the most fucked up game of hide and seek EVER 
I just opened a gallon of milk that is good through the 10th of January- I hope I can say the same for myself. 
felt a little awkward waiting for my McNuggets after vomiting all over the counter 
so just incase I die tonight I'm making a list of people that I don't want to be let in to my funeral 
i like that you affectionately refer to him as "creepy" ever time you talk about him 
he told me that if i wanted to smoke he could make a piece out of my shoe. were keeking this kid around 
The chance that I have herpes may have made me find god 
guess they didn't have any donuts in her size. 
I need to not be around brick walls while intoxicated. 
I think "bars open christmas minneapolis" is the saddest google search i've ever done. 
Buying weed on Christmas. Gotta love Jewish drug dealers 
if you think for one second that i'm not using my mittens as hand puppets at the bar tonight then u dont know me at all! 
i'm starting to get really nervous about the relationship i have with my cat 
if I hooked up with that creppy kkid in bio does that count as doing charity work during the holidays? 
He came on my face and told me I looked like a gingerbread house. 
well we are all hammered and my parents are reminiscing about all the times they drove us home drunk from Christmas 
They were so loud I wrote them a sex critique and taped it to his door. 
watching elf naked is so much better than watching it with clothes on . 
Christmas on farmville was waaaaay better than my actual Christmas. 
im just going to superglue mistletoe to my forehead and see what happens 
my family just sang happy birthday to baby jesus. no ones even drunk yet 
Just got head while drinking hot cocoa and eating cookies. Never in my life have I felt more like santa claus 
i came out of the bathroom and he had christmas lights wrapped up his leg, around his boner, and down the other side 
Nothin says happy bday jesus like a shot with your loved ones. 
I'm wearing this super skanky ass dress that's wayyy to slutty for church but I think Jesus will appreciate it because i look so bangin for his bday. 
my dad is drunk dialing our relatives who are stuck in a blizzard asking them to pick up sun tan lotion for him cause hes too drunk to drive to the store. 
you tried to arm wrestle for the title of "mom's favorite son" 
You going to midnight mass? we need a dd 
somethin' about having sex in my parents bed makes me feel like l'm finally an adult. 
you told all the 17 year old girls at the party that your mating call was "I glitter in the sun" 
I know you didn't add your TWO random hook ups from the weekend to your FB friends AND change your status to "Good Catholic Girl" on the same day. 
His internet history had "Disney Porn" on it. 
guess you're going to miss out on a groin massage and a frosty vagina 
Everybody was literally kung fu fighting 
he asked me out through an event invitation on facebook, the title read Romantic Dinner For 2 
i awoke yet another morning with penis breath. ive been so generous santa has to bring me a shit ton of presents 
i got totally wasted at 2pm and cleaned the house bc i was bored. my mom now supports my alcohol problem 
then the nurse gave me a bag with my personal belongings: phone, wallet. jacket, keys and a BTB burrito 
you know the rule: 3 consecutive asian hookups makes you an asian fetish guy, no exceptions 
True Life: I hate vaginal excretions 
The best part was her genuine shock and total "I didn't know" look when we said she couldn't cook a steak in a microwave. 
i wanna have a kid now so by the time he's 20 ill only be 42 and assuming im already divorced we can pick up girls together 
if by 'bottleservice' you mean 'bringing beers in my purse' then yes, we are. 
Nothing says Christmas like gin and tears. 
And next time, don't pick a fight with me when you're naked. That's just not fair 
How come the only thing we can do right in our lives is drugs? 
You have more facebook pictures than most towns have people. 
that would combine my 3 fave things. christmas funfetti and paul simon 
How do you tell if you're on the terrorist watch list? 
the cop asked for your social security number and you gave her your high school locker combo 
yeah bitch needs to recognize there's only one person with this face 
Yeah, we spent most of the evening making fun of the drunk girl until we realized it was you. 
There's nothing more uncomfortable than drifting into sexual fantasies on a roadtrip and realizing you have a boner with three other dudes in the car. 
you said you didn't feel like drinking anymore so you mixed vodka with your applesauce and ate it 
it felt like the flash was giving me a handjob 
So i just found out i replied to my room mates craigslist ad. Akward 
so he reminded me it was our 9 month anniversary and then said "we could've had a baby by now" 
just bought a 30 and sold it for $2 a can to some dumb ass high school kids. now lets buy two and get really drunk 
I wish I could donate my sober boners to my whiskey dick 
We've finally become those guys who you'd see in middle school when you went to the park who are just stoned out of their minds sitting on the swings. 
I just wanna buy a tempur-pedic so i can drink in bed and not spill 
I feel like if I were on Intervention, I would have to be a season finale. 
just woke up to two already rolled blunts and a full explanation of what happened last night. I love my gf 
i knew he was a douchebag when his facebook activities were "ladeis," and "gettin crunk wit ladeis" 
low key just jizzed in a chinese food container 
she is the kim kardashian of front butts 
im at that stage where all she has to do is cough or something and it pisses me off 
I bought the love spell lotion from victoria secret so it atleast smells like a girl is present while I'm masturbating 
brittany murphy hurts far more than michael jackson, patrick swayze, etc because i never masturbated to any of those other people 
worst night to have a conscience 
you used progresso chicken soup as a mixer last night 
i was like hansel and gretel. i puked a trail from mcdonalds to our place so i could find my way back in the morning 
I think my goal in life now is to be a Trending topic on Twitter after I die. 
I'm to the point in my high that every song eventually turns into Lady Gaga 
Im sitting next to shitfaced santa at the cuse game. My plan to be on television is now flawless 
And then she said "sorry if my vagina smells like fish, it's just active." 
Its a sad day when your bush has a better set of hair than you do 
I wake up every morning and wish that I didn't have to wear a bra 
in retrospect, i probably shouldn't have referred to his dick as "travel size" 
You sprayed lemon pledge on your crotch because it was "dusty" 
my ex just saw me in his brothers bed. fuck yes revenge feels good 
I can't tell whether I'm throwing up blood or licorice. 
Guess who is high enough to buy Jingle All The Way? 
Ok forget what i said about christmas break being awful. Chasing shots with fudge 
She got her phone back last night. And the first thing I sent her was a picture of me pooping in a culvers bathroom 
Every time my boyfriend threatens to commit suicide I change my relationship status as "widowed". 
we watched a tutorial on how to do guidette makeup 
your cum blends into my yellow sheets :/ 
Is it weird that I found myself thinking of that blue chick from Avatar while she gave me head after the movie? 
threw up during christmas carols. the audience at the church seemed to immediately know i was a college student 
I drowning out her crying with songs from the Beatles it's good for us both. She relives her 30s and i dont have to hear her cry 
I just used a franzia box to scrape the snow off my car. 
dear roomies, would anyone wanna donate the booze they left in the fridge over break to the "your roomies snowed in and all alone" fund? 
legit been throwing up since 7am. told my parents the two bowls of puke in my dorm were soup 
While my grandpa showed the family a slide show he accidentally included a topless photo of his new gf. 
We were playing flip cup on the nice dining room table. Losing team had to shamwow the table in between rounds 
you wrote "5 million dollars" in the tip line for the pizza delivery man and insisted that he deserves it 
we were so high we made up an elaborate backstory because we were paranoid about going into the wig shop w/o being serious wig shoppers 
I'm trapped in whichever ring of hell is populated by inbred yokels and type 2 diabetes. 
i wish i could just hire someone to go down on me every night until i fall asleep 
taking shots each time the weatherman says Dont go out in this blizzard 
I was so high i started crying when i saw how much puppychow was there. 
If there was a creeper hall of fame you and me would be the first two inductees 
if i hear one more christmas song, i will fucking shoot myself. 
you passed out when you kept trying to hold your breath during the underwater scenes of 2012 
after the first, "yea you like that baby", i quickly remembered why i had stopped having sex with him. 
There is only so much cookie dough and masturbating I can handle in one night. 
he kept refering to his penis as the "eternal sunshine" 
I learned nothing from that class except drinking and chemistry go together great. 
stranger just walked up to the fridge at the party, took the hawaiin punch out, drank it straight from the bottle, looked at everyone who stared in awe and said "im fucking thirsty" and put it back. 
Apparently I was playing rock paper scissors against myself for 2 hours in the bathroom mirror. 
can someone explain to me why i woke up under a twister sheet 
The remote chance that I may get a blowjob is about the only reason I have a shower every day. 
so after the bed broke we walked out of the room to a standing ovation 
If my nicknames are based on what I throw up, you can call me Jimmy Johns 
Been drinkin since 3, wearing a tutu, how could things go wrong 
Is it standard protocol to defriend someone after they give you chlamydia? 
I got her a Nickelback box set. 
Now that I'm 21, I feel like I'm letting North Dakota down by not being drunk everyday 
Don't bite the hand that gives you multiple orgasms 
the bouncer kept askin you for id just to see how long it would take you to find your pants 
and if it starts getting weird im just going to tell him i used to be a man 
everytime she opens her mouth i wish that i was deaf 
I'm about to cry with happyness at the beer that will be consumed 
I think the secretary can hear it when I fart in the bathroom, how do you think she feels about that? 
dude sorry but u no that when a guys 'likes' ur pic on facebook it only means he was just jacking off to it. 
I just walked in on my roommate beating off with no pants on, an unbuttoned hawaiian shirt and a cowboy hat, and he weights 300 pounds 
so i told him i have my period and he put his head by my vagina and said "I HATE YOU!" 
My friend is getting herself a tramp stamp that says "property of the half blood prince". 
somehow I got talked into dressing up like a hot dog, spinning around ten times, and shooting lay ups in front of thousands of students 
I stayed up for an hour trying to make my room stop spinning and then I realized it was bc my fan was on 
It's like Facebook knows when I'm about to masturbate and tells me to reconnect with exes. 
First time i ever had an awkward silence during sex. 
he just found out the funeral is this morning so i'm wearing last night's clothes and look like a total slut. 
you told me heaven would be the 3 of us at Moe's forever and every hot girl that walked in would ask us to play stone face 
i was just singing like a virgin out loud my mom told me to stop kidding myself 
they said they heard you say put it in my butt 
can i drink enough to forget this semester even happened? 
on the last problem of the exam i just drew a picture of a cat and left 
So not only just find my adoption papers that I didnt know about in my parents house, but they say "child shows some signs of mental retardation". 
i was out of cigarettes so i took the butts out of the ashtray, emptied them out, and proceeded to roll one big Frankenstein cigarette. 
This got awkward about two "Oh yeah"s ago. 
The crazy thing is, I dont actually know where the cat is, she said something bout the back of the toilet and a sock. 
I think I just sold my virginity for plane tickets 
there's something wrong with the internet when a search for "barney the dinosaur violence" comes up with nothing 
imagine if we didn have a dick. we would be so much more productive 
aparently we are going to have sex infront of her friend. ill call you tomorrow 
I think I can smell my own vagina right now 
just told my prof that "i dont give a fuck" about the final. nothing like a having a signed employment contract already 
best googles of the semester: toe fucking, purpose of two nostrils, human tail. with pictures 
My parents showed me my IQ test from fourth grade, I'm shitting on my potential. 
So im using the back of a keystone box as notecard for my presentation 
i have one hour to talk myself into enjoying giving him a blow job when i get home 
By getting ready I mean putting baby powder in my hair and possibly changing my pajamas to another pair of pajamas 
Bring mistletoe to the strip club, and they feel obligated. they dont even charge you 
I just found out how hard it is to put together a fake Christmas tree with a hangover. 
when your english prof writes "this was a real good paper" on your essay, you know you're at the wrong college 
I just got sparklers from my secret santa. Drunken sledding just got to a whole new level of dangerous 
Nothing says fuck you quite like putting your used condom in someones mailbox for them to find in the morning. 
You would get kicked out of the study lounge for being drunk the monday of finals week 
Her "get-your-paper-done-early-blowjob" incentive is the thing that has successfully deterred my procrastination 
Getting 10 cents back for every can is really just encouraging alcoholism. 
well most of my day revolves around power hour 
can we please take bets on how much therapy you'll need in the future? 
just thinking about him makes my vagina shudder. 
She's helping me study for the final by writing the vocab words all over her body. 
Can you put "designated driver" on a resume? 
I took her to see 2012 then broke up with her, the movie was a metaphor. 
I kept calling his name while we were having sex cuz i was so proud that i remembered it. 
Nothing screams don't date me louder then having your baby as your profile pic 
ol I'll be okay, it's only a christmas party so the worst that could happen is I end up playing madden naked again 
A stripper just got mad at me for saying goddammit. She's in no position to lecture me on morality 
I am totally the chick from Intervention who barfs up wine and then re-eats it. 
Dude i have a 6th sense for when bagel bites are ready. 
So I've come to the conclusion that I would cry if I had an ugly baby. 
i forgot to tell you that olivia sent me a text yesterday that the mormon girl got caught with weed in her vagina at school 
But sometimes ur dick treats me better than u do 
i guess i called my mom last night. she wasnt nearly as impressed with what we did in the bathroom as i was 
it was really awkward, he kept trying to get on the bed with us and we kept having to kick him back on the floor. 
nutella sex= disaster 
i cant wait for all this BS that is happening with Tiger to happen to Tebow 
it's just like freshman year of high school, with more drugs 
blow job with a beer in the shower, I just created the ultimate day spa for dudes 
My boyfriend texted me as I was texting some random hookup from last night. His text: "Morning baby" My response: "Your cum is in my hair" 
Do you know how hard it is to masturbate with a runny nose? 
how do flat chested girls get laid? 
lady crackhead wearing pjs and a santa hat brushed the snow off my car at 7am saying "free of charge" the whole time 
winter break is gonna be like a weird mixture of rehab fat camp and holiday cheer. 
can't believe I ate straight coffee grounds to stay awake for that 
Dude, a dry wedding reception should nullify the vows, because really, without the booze, you might as well be 5 years old again and playing dress-up 
All I want for christmas is my sobriety back. 
you didnt remember my name all night. you kept referring to me as "the blonde with the fat ass" 
I gave them both handjobs at the same time. Felt like I was skiing 
his cum tasted like old pizza and looked like old milk 
They want to listen to Lady Gaga while they puke. 
I found my old addy guy via fb who clearly understands the supply and demand curve of addy during finals so he's gonna hook me up. 
The album was titled "Best Night Ever" until she found out she was preggers and switched it to "God Punishes Sluts" 
the last thing i remember is you screaming lets hunt humans. 
i would rather give Shaq a handjob than take this accounting final 
Please return the baby Jesus and sheep to the quad 
I'm having one of those days where I just want to lay in bed and beat off all day 
Was just grinding with my bio TA. She asked why i wasnt studying 
just hang any plant up and call it mistletoe. 
i feel like im playing gay clue. i have to figure out where i am, who took me home, and what he put in me 
no really all good couples have similar hair colors! 
His facebook says he is a fan of "underwater handjobs" 
he was so high, he talked to my goldfish for an hour telling him the dangers of overfeeding. 
all we did was drink wine and talk about how people who dont have facebook dont exist. 
my secret santa just gave me a pregency test 
Yeah, you spent an hour in front of the mirror trying to reenact the Sailor Moon theme song. 
I am the Bobby Fisher of drunk asss puking 
I just five second ruled a donut I dropped at starbucks, everyones staring 
I'm so cold I just used my boobs to keep my face warm 
It's not called being bisexual its called making out with anyone that has a mouth 
you told his mom that the only thing he wants for christmas is his dick in your mouth 
i used the pictures of vaginas in your biology book to jack off. 
So my earrings and necklace kept jingling and hitting him in the face, and he told me felt like he was fucking a Christmas tree 
You left half a beer on someones car and claimed it was a second day of hanakuh gift 
i feel like a lion cub that has been breast fed for years, and mom has left, and now i have to learn how to hunt on my own 
I'm so high I just tried to eat a hair tie thinking it was one of my pretzels. 
he asked me if i had ever jacked off high and then referred to it as a "man-to-man question" 
i just snorted my name. best moment ever 
I just mixed tequila and nyquil in front of dad. hes making ambulance jokes but let me tell you its DELICIOUSSS 
my being single is dangerous. 
He ate me out and then left in a hurry and shouted "Sorry to dine and dash" as he left my house 
i'm naked playing bejeweled blitz in your bed. this is both a forewarning and an apology 
Piggyback rides are my preferred mode of transportation. 
i failed horribly. studying for that final was as pointless as Vinnie is to Jersey Shore 
i feel like my eyelids need a kick stand. 
He came and then made the Jim Halpert face. does that say disappointment or what 
he then started listing things that have been up his butt, never drinking in boys town again 
i couldnt tell she was wearing a bumpit until she started giving me head 
i forgot how awkward it is to meet new people sober 
woke up in a freezing tub of water at 6 am again. probably should stop the drunk baths 
He was putting purell on my boobs saying "they need to be clean for later." He hadn't had a drink all night 
flashcards smell like vodka and my textbook is in the toilet. ready for the final 
there's nothing like watching the sun rise at the library alone on a friday morning to make you want to kill yourself. 
i woke up, turned over, and noticed an assortment of knives stuck in my wall. i should prob stop drinking 
why do cheetos always look like penises 
i woke up at 5 am and found myself wrapped in christmas lights that were plugged into the wall. 
she likes to give head while listening to britney spears, getting blown by a girl with headphones on is a nice level of separation 
there is a school bus full of santas parked in front of the liquor store 
birth control and beer are two of the most beautiful creations ever invented. 
We had one of those mutual "I know your on a dating website, I won't tell if you won't" glances. 
I feel like I bought a front row ticket to watch her screw up her life 
so we were having anal, both very very drunk when he started shouting his roomates name 
you jizzed all over me and yelled "makeover" 
I forgot to mention I threw up in my wine glass AND my neighbors empty cup. 
we turned studying into a drinking game, she drinks when she gets it right, i drink when she gets it wrong. so we'll be out soon 
distance makes the heart seek blowjobs from girls that are closer i heard. 
The only person who has seen my penis more than that girl, is that girl's sister. 
Do you think unemployment will give me a christmas bonus? 
the last thing i remember is unlocking the door. its like i was literally opening the door to my blackout 
Trying not to fart in the comp lab is going to take everything i've got. 
i wish i could google "things to eat in my fridge" so i wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed 
you never know, standards drop, they turn gay, shit happens. 
So he saw that playlist i made with his name as the title. i think he's creeped out that I have 106 songs that remind me of him 
I just wnated to let you know that I laminated my history notes so i can study in the shower. 
Try denying you're gay when "I'm Not A Girl, But Not Yet A Woman" comes on Shuffle. 
all adderall does is make me the grand champion of using wikipedia. 
He kept saying the best defense against a lion is to punch it in the throat. 
I should have been more specific when I asked for 8 inches. 
Do you think if Santa was real that he's have a big penis? 
We need to start having sex underwater more often. 
after he handcuffed me and put me in the back seat, "Mrs. Officer" started playing, I thought maybe this could be my escape 
Do you think anyone has ever tried to have sex with a cows udder before? 
if every girl in minneapolis isn't pregnant when i get back to the cities i will cry 
i asked a few people if they wanted to make pancakes with me but no one would. thats why i'm drunk by myself right now 
just put a funnel in my mouth and pour the tequila in with a little emergen-c 
You taught me that having a dip while u shit is awesome. I appreciate u for that 
If I remember taking any of my finals after tomorrow night, it will not have been a successful night. 
You can't be mad at me for wanting to drink though, it is the reason we're engaged 
I just opened a bunch of old flavored condoms just to see what they tasted like. 
You should probably just propose to him the old fashioned way: sleep with him and get pregnant. 
this episode of spongebob makes me wish crabby patties were real 
This is much more drunk than i was intending for a wednesday 
You asked him to stand still, you put your leg on his shoulder, started dry humping the air 
Hurry up I might actually study if I am left alone 
I'm going to rise like a phoenix out of the drunken, shameful ashes that were last weekend. 
I'm gonna put my relationship status as "widowed" to see if it helps me get some poon. 
Apparently 151 is to me what spinach is to popeye. 
tonight i'm making a christmas tree shaped shot pyramid 
just spent all of my last class as a college student, vomiting in the bathroom. its moments like these i will cherish 
You burnt your salmon and tried to mail it. Post marked to: Starving Kid in Africa 
i wish every aspect of life was like a bar. flirt with the cute guy two feet across from you and get whatever you want for free 
I have a new fascination with cutting really small segments of hair off peoples heads when they're not looking. 
I just typed my entire senior project presentation on my blackberry, 
i realized that the internet ruins the joy of a father passing down playboys to his son 
do you think the kids from 7th heaven are mad that dennis and sweet dee are their half-brother and sister? 
this text is just filler to avoid a lull in the conversation 
why is it whenever you puke in the park there are always little kids on the swings? 
come home now. i got a twizzler tangled in my hair again 
We tried having a conversation with our noses. 
i wish i could swallow nair and shit it out and it would get rid of all my ass hair. 
you freaked out because you thought your face lotion was cum in a bottle 
How do i write this on his wall without making it sound like he gave me an std? 
3 inches of snow, below zero windchill and i just saw a dude in a wrangler with no doors, shorts a beanie and burton snow goggles. God i love college in colorado 
Why did that cocktail waitress get to sleep with Tiger for 2 years, and all I ever got for living in Whorelando for five years is a couple of pictures with Joey Fatone 
you made your cat watch a peta video with you, so you could show it how just how good its life is 
I just gift wrapped bread. 
If you're going to watch porn, can you atleast be considerate and watch it on my old laptop and not the new one? 
This smoking ban is really fucking with my ability to fart in public 
sorry about calling you the devil all night. 
I found a knife in my bed when I got back this morning. I think one of my roommates has it in for me 
Ive never seen someone more dtf than a soaking wet drunk girl who stumbles into your backyard. 
With the way things had been going, I was never more excited for a person to cum 
No. I was horrified and confused as to why you thought scrambled eggs and cottage cheese was a good mix 
sticking your finger down your throat to make yourself throw up is bulimia, not morning sickness, so no, I don't think you're pregnant. 
Its not small because its small, Its small because it was cold outside 
i just taught a 3 year ld how to do a jager bomb, i cant wait to have kids 
idea:have a jello shot stand(opposed to lemonade stand) to raise money for spring break 
The streak lives on, still havent been to Towson without throwing up 
We have nothing in common but the sex rocks, would it be awful to develop a drug habit just to have a topic of conversation? 
my text book just quoted the cookie monster 
i love when people i haven't talked to since we fucked write on my wall. 
i used baking grease as lip gloss 
we were having sex and she freaked out when i said nipple 
i may or may not have just grinded on your dog thinking it was my boyfriend 
to cover up your slurred speech you tried talking like the creepy old man from family guy 
Im making the walk of shame with half a box of pizza, its like when youre little and you get a goodie bag leaving the party 
her last google searches are 'cheap african safari' and 'what does lion taste like' 
if i found out she had a dick after i got head, does that still make me gay? 
my phone cant type all the emotion im having 
Does getting a boner while watching the celtic women sing opera on ETV make me cultured? 
I knew something was wrong when santa got arrested 
I saved $70 from being to drunk to go out last night so I figured I could buy a new watch. 
Tell her to not eat the pizza she threw up on. 
she must of just birthed a child cause her labia touched the floor 
I wonder if u can grow weed on Framville and sell it to Mafia Wars? 
how does Santa get into Hogwarts? 
This girl in my class is wearing a sweatshirt that says "LEAD ME NOT INTO TEMPTATION" ahaha I almost just laughed out loud. We could never be friends 
woke up this morning with pubes superglued to my face, not my pubes 
I woke up this morning really drunk with my Christmas lights on and two owls in my bed. 
I kind of feel like guidos are mythical creatures. 
I consider it a successful poop when you only have to wipe once. 
I am unfriending an ex-one night stand because his profile picture is of his wife's ultrasound. 
Those are some awfully high standards for someone of your weight 
he has 3 profile pictures up and all of them are him riding jet skis 
She said you were bangin on the counters of McDonalds singing "These Eyes" at 4am 
I mistook a propane tank for a keg. 
He said they were doing a skit in class apparently someone else is dressed like a horse. Ive never felt more proned to skipping class than now 
i think at one point throughout the night i began eating birthday cake with a q-tip. 
ew. I made a sandwich, and the cheese reminded me of her vagina 
i tried to hook up with a mom and then her husband came with num chucks 
we were pretty classy up until the second keg 
Dude I'm drinking a martini out of a water bottle, I've become my parents. 
ya i looked horrible drunk and pregnant isn't a good combination 
Yea i traded my bed for half a bag of jimmy johns jalepno chips, am I proud of it no, Am I happy I did it? yes 
girl in front of me at starbucks just ordered 7 shots of espresso in her latte. welcome to finals week 
smoking weed is really the only logical conclusion to hangovers 
Gay walks of shame are so much more Amy Winehouse than straight girls 
you thought your tounge was "malfunctioning" because every time u spoke it wouldnt sit still. 
this ugly chick literally cried last night because i wouldnt let her give me head 
twelve hours since my last beer and i just blew a .08, time to go to the library 
we screwed to my bar mtzvah tape, I became a man while watching myself becom a man 
I just watched a girl use a tall boy Coors as a rolling pin to make christmas cookies 
I have to brush my teeth today to feel like I did something. 
it was great that she threw up because that made me the only one trying to hook up with her 
I think I just made patron unclassy I bought limes at a gas station and for salt we are using gas station packets of salt 
the people next to us in line are buying a 12 pack and a snuggie 
I'm so hungover that the internet is hard. 
its freezing days like this when i seriously consider littering to speed up the global warming processes. 
Just cleaned up my puke with my lecture notes. 
I know I'm not learning anything when I can't even spell the name of the class I'm taking 
jersey shore has given me a vivid depiction of what things will be like for me once i get to hell 
I wish there was a hungover fairy to brush my teeth and bring me a diet coke. 
For a whole 2 minutes you were convinced you were talking to my voicemail 
eating taco bell the same day as formal = probably a bad idea 
She just used a turkey baster to transfer alcohol from the glass to the bottle. Just thought you should know 
I woke up with spaghetti in my mouth 
i said i was sorry for his girlfriend's cancer diagnosis and he said "easy come, easy go" and tried to fuck me 
Is it wrong of me that I wish I could be a midget for a day so I can give head standing up? 
if you can see her tanning goggle line that's officially a deal breaker 
i would totally change schools right now just to be that new girl everyone wants 
I feel like my life has just been one 21 year long episode of "i shouldn't be alive" 
You and I should start a club for people who woke up on outside on a bench with no idea how they got there. 
were doing shots for every snowflake that hits the ground 
tonight's goal was "most regrettable decision" and you bring wine coolers? 
shit I'm tired of wearing other peoples clothes to bed 
Nhdgh I love you very much hello becausevs. Vagina pensiono 
we're doing shots for every degree below freezing it is outside 
She was ugly to the point i wanted to brush my teeth after looking at her 
We just got home. I got some malt liqour and a lottery ticket so I'm really doing a lot with my life right now 
having sex with him was like banging macgyver. he did the most amazing shit with the simplest things 
I just answered "If only I knew" for a quiz in criminology, she loved it. I got an A 
i was more sad about losing him as neighbor on fishville than as a boyfriend 
I think the phrase "baptist college" should be an oxymoron. 
Okay I'm all about any plan that ends with "We're gonna get you drunk." 
you were crying because peter frampton wasnt your dad 
i havent thrown up in four monthes, im clearly not drinking enough 
You know you are bi when you flip between the NFL Network and LOGO. 
these 2 russian guys walked past me and i got freaked out because i thought call of duty got real 
You said you wanted to go to louisiana and get arrested by Steven segal 
I am watching the symphony and have decided that violin players probably give really good hand jobs. 
its like whenever the snow comes all the hott girls drop out of school. where are they 
I dinstinctly remember making out to "I believe I can fly" and waving my arms like a bird to the beat. 
You know I'm really starting to enjoy being everyones first gay experience 
I just ran from Santa Claus in Kroger 
so she called me drunk and made me stay on the phone with her while she puked. 
Getting a high five from your dog when you're stoned is one the greatest rewards of being a pet owner. 
Until he has ordered mozzarella sticks & beers at 2pm while wearing formal attire, then this is still my bar. 
I have a running excel spreadsheet detailing the number of shots in a night and subsequent ability to masturbate 
Would we rather be in rehab with the drug addicts or the girls with low self esteem? 
he took off his pants and apologized in advance if I thought he was too small. 
All i learned in high school was how to sell drugs 
My fucking roommate unpluged my alarm; I pissed on his clean clothes. 
as i creep her facebook pics from back in the day till now, i noticed that her lazy eye has gotten better 
Just found a hundred dollar bill on the ground. Hope you're looking to drink tonight 
Microwave minutes are longer than normal minutes. 
My entire childhood was an ugly sweater party 
all i wanna do is slam about 38 beers eat a whole pizza and wake up naked in the taco bell parking lot 
Just witnessed a fat girl fall off the treadmill, pop a medicine ball, and drink coke out of a water bottle all in one workout. 
Why is there a shirtless guy in Walgreens and why is he probably looking for the same thing I am? 
Remind them to make the "above the influence" commercial about us fallin off a ferris wheel 
you called to congratulate me on being the reason you lost never have i ever 
Just threw up my room service breakfast with my fake eyelashes and pearls still on. 
I am full of burrito and curiosity 
Ok a condom literally fell out of my underwear this morning, i have never been so confused. 
can you buy anything in the cafeteria for less than $2? I spent the last of my laundry money on a chia pet 
I plan on offering nudes to any guy that wants to give me notes from the past five weeks of class 
I get free beer too. Its called a vagina and its accepted everywhere like visa 
I love girls that fake tan. Can you say p p p p p p p p pumpkin face 
he told my vagina that he was looking forward to meet it 
My dad just came home, said hi to mom and me in the kitchen, and then said "I'm gonna go inject my blood with iguana saliva". 
the semester is winding down: time to procrastinate by googling cheap keg options 
Does boxed wine and camel crushes signify a college date? Lets hope so 
He's been dead since March and more people write on his wall than mine. 
she was most def 27.5% uglier than a troll, but the sex was great 
only you would photoshop your dick 
i had a dream last night that my liver tore its self out of my body and ran away. 
dude i just made a burrito by wrapping 2 packs of scooby snacks with a fruit roll up. im so high 
Do you think girls in gamma phi sit around and think about how much they suck? 
We learned about herpes today in bio. I might as well have given the lecture 
Santa Claus winked at me two tables over at the Chinese place tonight I was almost afraid he knew "getting laid" was my Christmas wish 
So i think we're being coned into a threesome with the promise of pokemon 
we are learning about oedipus in english. fuck you for making this awkward for me 
The girl sitting next to me in class is writing her to-do list under the title 11/31. 
you were mad bc i took longer then 2 minutes to finish 
i may or may not have puked on your loofa in the shower. 
Well, ive pounded a baby into a stripper and a girl who was on jerry springer, a 16 year old is logically next. 
i convinced her that her period would come back if we did it doggy style 
The class that normally occupies the room we use for my Monday class had to do posters as if for a Hamlet movie and they pick actors for each character and this person wrote "Robert D. Niro" 
he breathalyzed me before we had sex. 
i love that when i tell my kids and grandkids about how we first met it will be about this little thing called a "poke" on facebook 
My mom just bought me $200 worth of booze on the condition that I promise I won't have to go to rehab eventually 
just got a hand job during a movie in class today is gonna be great! 
We just used hot candle wax from our joint lighting candle to make a bunch of new small ones how stoned are we 
Just set all my clocks a minute apart. Now my 4:20 is longer by sixfold 
You took shots of captn out of a empty percocet bottle, i just saw you fall threw the floor of rock bottom. 
New dating criteria: what kind of ex will this person be? 
Does adding vodka to a protein shake defeat the purpose? 
You know your from las vegas when the girl on the stage in the strip club was in my US gov class senior year 
we are cooking lunchables pizzas on a fire pit. 
Day two of vacation and my first drink of the day is a plan b colada 
I found out that all you need to write a 12 page paper is adderall and twizzlers 
We just described beer as "big boy apple juice" to his 2 year old. 
any plan I had today of being a productive member of society, I am officially throwing out the window. 
Woke up wearing just a scarf, the holidays are definetly here 
sent the pic of my tit to the wrong bbm chatroom 
This threesome is so guaranteed that dinner feels like a charade 
alright she left, finally time to fart up the room 
Maybe he just has a boisterous penis 
He shouted my World of Warcraft name while we were having sex, and he was sober. 
i just put a booger in my mom's hair and i just needed to tell someone. 
just used a caramelizing gun to spark a bowl, i don't think today could get much better than this. 
dont like to call her my roomate, too cordial. i refer to her as the whore that was assigned to live with me 
you made pancakes with beer, you said they were good. then you threw up 15 minutes later 
How are you going to pay for strippers in Vegas when you were just begging for McDoubles? 
He told me they were just razor bumps! 
I just caught Brandon licking the fake chocolate on a smores ornament 
she sounds like chewbacca in bed 
just chased whiskey with a pickle. i definitely recommend it 
Nothing says Happy Thanksgiving like having to pee in a condom for my cousin so that he can pass a drug test. 
Dude, you were so drunk last night that when we went into subway, you forgot the word for bread. 
ever had your bank call you to verify the 4 seperate bar transactions from the night before? I have 
I'm sorry I didn't make it out, I got distracted by sparkley boobies. 
I thought it couldn't get worse until she said "Nipple hair" 
i'm at a party where swedish girls are dumping laundry detergent on each other because it glows in blacklight. this is awesome 
2 bagels in my tummy and my herpes on my mind 
I called the bar to ask if they found my Id and credit card and they remembered me as 'the girl who signed her receipt in blood' 
so apparently we got drunk enough at the reception to rip the center pieces apart and use the flower vases as "fancy glasses" 
he left me a 6 minute video of him peeling a clementine listening to justin bieber 
and he thought i came like four times in 2 mins. my leg just kept cramping up 
woke up and she was making me crepes. definitely not the last time i fuck a culinary student 
we've been at disney 20 seconds and she already got the cops called over 
just saw a girl come out of the tanning bed room on crutches, now thats determination 
he was CRYING into my vagina 
its officail im naming my first born child brickbreaker 
Girl just texted me a pic of her boobs with the caption "don't think I'm a whore" 
just took my ibuprofen with ramen broth, yay college 
He IMed me 5 times, before my homepage even loaded. This is not gonna work out for me 
Too bad it's not "confirm, ignore or not unless I've had 20+ beers" 
I swear god or herbie drove my car home 
Ur just texting me random shit. That's what Twitter is for 
I finally had sex with him last night, but we used a condom so it doesn't add to my number of sexual partners. 
you know you were refereeing rock paper scissors for who got to make out with your sister right? 
So i told my advisor i had to drop the class bc the prof said "supposably" and "irregardless" within the 1st 10 minutes of the 1st class; she agreed with me that dropping it was the best choice 
You must have had one hell of a time explaining to that girl why aladin soundtrack was playing on repeat in your room when you got back 
i wish there was a holiday celebrated with pizza eating 
I'm passing your future prison. 
when did we get so old that our friends started having LEGITIMATE children? 
while fucking on the counter the whip cream was conveniently right next to us. i love thanksgiving 
its amazing how hard it is to tell vomit from stuffing the day after 
you left him a drunk voicemail of you singing speechless by lady gaga balling your eyes out 
Is it a problem that I find my wife's 16 year old niece sexy? 
if I end up fighting someone to save $15 on a toaster oven then something went wrong earlier in life 
my coke dealer is running a Black Friday special 
I just beat off to a cartoon porn video. what has my life come to 
i really thought "pants-shitting drunk" was an unreachable level until last night 
my life trainwreck boards at 9:30 
when a 14 year old is judging you, you know you've had too much to drink 
Yep. About to get on pornhub to spill some Christmas cheer 
The seats are awesome but you see two of each player. 
I decided to name her "day after thanksgiving" because I am sure I just got someone elses leftovers. 
I'm more concerned as to why he has a playlist entitled Dem Club Beats. 
I remember why I come home for the holidays. Sam Adams is the cheapest beer in the fridge 
i was so drunk he made me beileve the song was called "thanksgiving sex." 
it was a sick party until you insisted on putting on "that's how I beat shaq" 
he's sitting on top of the fridge in only a black speedo and wont get down 
i'm crying at olive garden. i've hit rock bottom 
If it looks like I didn't change from last night, it's because I didn't. 
drugs are my only escape from this reality. good thing I got it at a discount price last night 
No vaginas are yucky and I don't think you're old enough to handle one yet 
we got blazed and looked up peoples criminal records 
Thanksgiving. A stoners favorite holiday 
I love family holidays its the only time when playing beer pong, and smoking hookah with my family isnt looked down upon 
i think the whole apartment complex could hear you beating off last night 
I think thanksgiving was created so we could all be thankful that we're still alive after the night before. 
Life lesson: using the oven as a heater= $500 electric bill 
yo dibs on the gosselin haired one. 
You did not just nickname me "Nipples". 
You kept buying everyone Washington apple shots, and telling us we needed to support local produce. 
I have never pre-planed for a better sober morning than lacing my muffin batch with tylenol. 
Strippers tramp stamp says "mom" 
i woke up this morning cuddling with a 3 foot statue of Jesus. heaven here i come 
Already tried, she's too smart for that. I need a Primos "Do your wife in the butt" lure/call to trick her into wanting it 
call of duty 2 was the straight man's twilight 
not only did i climb through the window at 4 am but here i am 4 hours later for my interview at the mall and i'm staring in the dark pet store barking at puppies 
No, when he said that he wished he had my eyebrows, THATS when I knew he was gay. 
Took an aderol, wrote a differential equation for solving volume of flow of a rectangular channel with change in depth, then masturbated for the 6th time. 
omg a stripper jus od'd on stage. 
im in his phone as 'great ass to tap' 
i crushed up some extenze and put them in his protein powder - should make for an interesting gym experience 
What's the point in getting all dressed up and going when i'm just gonna throw up on myself by midnight? 
Just saw the liqour store owner get into a mercedes, almost proud to be responsible for that 
Theyr drawing diagrams to try to explain to me how high they are 
My BOSS just pulled out a box of Christmas stuff labeled reefs. 
I caught a rooster roaming Edison Park then released it in the bar. They made me try to catch it again and somebody played the chicken dance while I chased it 
I'm going to kill the bastard that switches my hot hookups from the previous night with ugly chicks 
I just went in my fridge and said to my turkey "see you thursday". I seriously have issues 
Brutally Honest is my real middle name, Princess just sounds better. 
my friend asked What a UTI was in front of everyone, letts just say his girlfriend was a lil pissed 
you went into starbucks asked for a mocha "on the rocks" 
i almost got kicked out of the rave because i was trying to get in on some couple's makeout sessions 
I got a lap dance until she said they wipe of the poles between each dance to clear the "std slime", i couldnt even masterbate at home it was a horrible military monday 
I told her I was team Edward. I haven't gotten laid that easy since I told your sister that I had cancer 
plan parent hood is for high school, im at the abortion clinic, so college. 
walked right past julianne moore (on her walk of shame this morning) god i love new york. :) 
Opportunity cost of getting to econ after a night on the town > marginal benefit of attending class 
vicodin is the reason why I believe in magic 
i just heard one Asian kid say to another, "i bet if i could get into Harvard i could get laid all the time, my brother lost his virginity the first night there." 
craigslist faux pas number 857, just got head in a disability bus. 
i just know my balls have never hurt this bad before 
I'm going to show my kids 2 girls 1 cup just to scare them away from porn 
the trash is collected at 5:50 on mondays. i was up puking all night and heard them 
i told him i was sober and he walked away immediately. 
I shall celebrate this moment with a beer conveniently located in the sock drawer directly to the right of me. 
I can actually hear my brain cells scream as they die when she speaks. 
I think vodka calistinics prior to and during beer olympics was a bad idea 
she was using a pencil to fish crushed adderall out of a plastic bag. it was like a college version of fun dip 
either she doesn't know how to dress properly on a sunday morning stroll, or I just saw a 60 year old on a walk of shame 
Everything about him screamed your future. 
Okay so if I'm going to keep referring to my hangover in the third person it needs a name. 
i dedicated my morning wood to you. 
I hate thxgiving break now because that totally means I'm not able to have sex for a week. 
Don't tits with veins remind you of road maps? 
after the cops left he pulled the weed out of his ass and we smoked it 
How come ATM is perfectly acceptable, yet not washing your hands after you poo is socially reprehensible? 
he got instantly turned off in the middle of a blowjob when he heard the news "twilight beat the blockbuster record of batman" 
I'm drinking while I write this paper. When I can't see the screen anymore I'm gonna come out 
for a minute I thought I needed to put on pants to go get a burrito, but then I remembered I'm in college 
i can hardly tell the difference between falling asleep and passing out anymore 
so my car got towed last night. I didnt know it cost 118 dollars to have a college experience 
our drinking schedule never changed, we just drank at work. 
the pizza man had no reaction when jackie and me opened the door naked, i guess he's used to that shit 
Life is so much better after having sex. 
we were watching porn and trying to copy the position they were doing now i think my hip is dislocated 
So guess who had sex in a Ghostbusters sleeping bag. 
Funny, I didnt know that facebook statuses were for crappy song lyrics 
what did gay clubs do before lady gaga 
Pretty sure I just slept with Elmo. 
bought some hannah montana deodorant. hope it doesnt make me smell untalented 
Paddidles count extra in the back of a cop car 
video games are the ultimate cock blocker 
That explains waking up with one hand in the toilet and the other in the trash can 
the biggest problem in our relationship is that im team edward and my boyfriend is team jacob 
we just made rock paper scissors into a drinking game 
His texts read Like a 15 year olds diary. 
you wouldnt answer to anything but devil's advocate all night. 
I think even Ryan Seacrest is disgusted with the thought of Ryan Seacrest getting some. 
On a scale of one to Chris Brown, how angry are you? 
I can totally hide my daquiri in my sling. 
his dad told me thanks for making his little boy a man at breakfast this morning 
We were making out in the bushes when some dude comes and starts peeing beside us. 
Pizza is the life boat of my drunk Titanic 
im in Michaels with rachel and i see a little boy jumping around and waving a rainbow pompom. Welcome to our team little one 
just saw a guy throwing up in the urinal at Dennys. Either he had one hell of last night or we are going to eat somewhere else 
Just got kicked in the balls by a girl in tap shoes. Fuck EVERYTHING 
Mike and I just ate the lobster we found in the toilet 
I forgot how hot balto sounded 
Can you tell me why I have pubes stuck in my teeth? 
I wish they made helmets for livers. 
Pls don't use the words alligator, purple, and sperm in the same sentence ever again. 
That's it, I refuse to live in a world where sparkly vampires beat Batman at anything. 
and I didnt even know his name until this morning when we were laying in bed and he referred to himself in the 3rd person. 
You kept calling me your small dog last night. 
dude i woke up in a pile of chocolate chips. this has to stop happening 
After 10 years all I have gotten is one bra pic, at this point I should be able to draw your cervix from memory 
She's mad at me cuz I told her having a fuck buddy was too much commitment. 
I wish "capable of destroying an innocent girl's life" is something I could put on my resume 
Nights like last night are what makes cleaning up the vomit in the morning worth it 
the sex was "jacking off to playboy" bad. 
you made wolf sounds and yelled "team me" the entire movie 
i called my brother from the living room and paid him a dollar to turn off the light in my room. ive hit rock bottom 
she always made me post sex PB&Js it was like fucking a trashier Martha Stewart 
Why does every girl think its ok to cheat on their boyfriends with me? 
And then I'm going to yell into her vagina and see if it echoes 
Anyone who says sunshine brings happyness has never woken up with the worst hangover of their life to their window being open and it being a bright shinny day 
neither the pictures you took nor my hangover explain why there are skittles in my shoe 
left comments onEVRY SINGLE1of my posts n status updates.Im done dating freshmen 
I told her the white crusty stuff on my boxers was frosting not cum. She seemed MORE grossed out then 
He had an itunes playlist named "def not Glee season 1" which contained all of Glee season 1 
Drinking mikes hard & watching the swan princess. i fucking LOVE college 
there are so many fish in the see you have left to fuck 
talking dirty on facebook chat is the new phone sex. 
if she leaves who will i have to secretly talk about behind thier back 
A moment of silence for all our pussy whips bro's who had to endure the NEW MOON premier! 
I'm watching Intervention to get pumped up for tonight 
dont seek real advice from me tonight cause its always gonna end with we should have sex 
Girls should come with a carfax report 
you went up to their shower, tripped in it, accidentally turned it on and then claimed that you like to "test everyone's showers" 
Sorry if I ruined your sex last night with my constant text updates about the plot of Bolt. 
haha you were so trashed that you deleted all of your christian music from itunes and kept saying"c-ya God, nice knowin ya" 
I've had a Margarita with salt, but I have to say I was impressed by the Stoli and Sprite rimmed with adderall 
well i just set every background of each phone in the verizon store to my face 
The girl next to me in class is taking notes on woman's suffrage with a girls gone wild pen. 
$1 pitcher night should be outlawed. 
we lost you for like an hour and then found you at some dive bar trying to teach dance lessons 
I'm drunk and I'm watching it's Alwyas Sunny and eating candy. Even I am jealosu of my life 
It was like little house on the drunk prairie. 
I need a booty call who doesn't know my boyfriend or my friends. 
he changed my name in his contacts to "rick", so his mom wouldn't know he was texting me 
if i see another status about New Moon, i'm gonna punch a baby 
Is it bad that when my prof gave examples of "stalking" behavior, I either have done or would do most of them? 
while 90% of the female population goes to worship a fictional character tonight at midnight, I will be taking advantage of having the bars ALL TO MYSELF. 
Am I a whore if I make out with a boy just so michelle can't? 
It's just like the Real World with babies 
I love her so much that if I could have sex with her I wouldn't cuz my dick would feel out of place in such a perfect body/vagina 
I want to get laid tonight but my sheets haven't been washed since vomiting in them on Halloween :( 
the only reason why im excited to go home for break is to finally eat real fucking food and have normal bowel movements. 
You were scared that your teeth were shrinking so you stuck your fist in your mouth. then you were convinced your hand was growing cuz it got stuck so yu started crying 
He tried to blame not having a condom on the economy. 
I got tired of walking to the bathroom that I decided to throw up in a cup. I now have 3 cups full of vomit on top of my mini fridge 
Would it be too much if i wore depends to new moon so i dont miss any of it? 
i told the bartender last night that if the palace saloon made a calendar he would be every month. 
this just has baby written all over it 
I woke up, not remembering how or when or why i was even there and looked over to find Steph spooning with an adult black man. 
There's a girl in my class named "La-a" pronouced "Luh Dash uh" I hate everyone 
I am sitting on my kitchen floor drunk with a bottle of jose cuervo, tryin to make cinnamon rolls and write a paper. I love college 
please tell me you remember why "7 days" is written above my bed in red marker 
All I remember is drinking vodka out of tupperware. 
Just saw some guy walking down the street rapping about various types of pasta. 
please take me off your list of people to text when you don't want to drink by yourself. 
our school mascot just walked into class and threw condoms everywhere. welcome to college 
You were in the corner dancing by yourself yelling "I look good", when really you looked ridiculous and drunk 
It's so hard to take my boss as an authorative figure with her New Moon movie tickets taped to her wall 
k so who do I think I'm kidding applying to culinary school? I just fucked up a microwaveable pizza 
Wow, you know I need to stop drinking alone when I pour my drink into my hand and offer it to my dog, 
This is the LAST time i'm accepting the excuse "tequila made me do it". Even tequila thinks buying all of nickelback's itunes singles is fucking retarded 
wasted. watching meteors, awesome idea i ever had, see 2 for every 1 with ma double vision 
we were spooning and you were the big spoon but you insisted that I call you "the ladle" 
You tried to call the hospital and left a voicemail asking if you could be put on the liver transplant list as a "pre-caution" 
By the grace of god and the ingenuity of Alexander Graham Bell, this text message is made possibe: YOU ARE A WHORE 
angela screamed across the room SHES A CHAMP when i told the pharmacist plan b doesnt make me throw up 
Only in college do people pre-game a meteor shower 
I wish there was a non-hangover washing machine that I could stick myself in right now 
you know what sucks? talking to chicks you dont want to have sex with 
Vanessa Carlton's songs would be so much better if she was pretty 
why are there post-it notes all around the apartment labeled where you guys had sex and in what position 
dude, i was at the student union last night trying to study but some retarded sorority spent an hour voting on the color of the seasons shirts like it was a UN meeting- someone motioned purple, someone objected, and half an hour later after 2 recounts they decided on purple 
At barnes & noble, drinking beer out of thermoses, lookin legit. 
i study at coffee shops because all these damn artsy people motivate me to work towards a real job. 
which bright sisters idea was it to put semi-formal in the middle of no-shave november? 
I woke up with the wrong plaid-shirted guy in my bed. 
you kept begging me not to tell anyone you had been a bat in another life 
THE PICTURE OF PEPPERMINT MOCHA MADE ME WANT TO TOUCH MYSELF 
U know u have sex too much when u have lube in ur rolliball on ur blackberry 
You were in the bathroom for two hours practicing "Revenge Faces". 
even the sluttiest version of myself will not go down on him 
I need to stop researching the drugs I do on Wikipedia. The parts about abuse and dependency hit too close to home 
I Just realized that having a picture folder that says "not for mom" may give off the wrong impression to wondering eyes 
You drew a self portrait of yourself on his wall with sharpie. 
Looking at the victoria's secret website makes the ice cream I'm eating taste like sadness and obesity 
Do you ever look back at facebook pics and say, "are those really guys I had sex with?" 
franzia sundays are my new favorite holiday 
a drug dealer just gave me his business card. it had his face on it drinking a 40oz 
you kept spraying the cat with water and then telling it to "man up" when it cried 
I tried to throw up out of my window but I forgot there was a mesh screen. 
hah yeah. there was a kid puking in the bathroom and this idiot brings in a potted plant and was like "yeah he's like, not getting enough oxygen" 
Let's just be mature adults about last night and never speak of it again. 
Her problem is just that he inner beauty is just as ugly as her physical beauty 
My mom is making me buy a single zucchini, I look like someone who can't afford a dildo 
Five Mah tais Laser and i skill have not drunk dial you 
i just turned the eviction notice into a beer pong list 
Fact: The drinking you do in college doesn't affect your liver in real life. 
is wine microwaveable? 
I'm so hungover even the car commercials make me nauseas 
i think beer pong is the only time ive ever found a use for geometry 
Ok so the guy below me is either having sex very loudly or is very lonely 
And then I have a slight inkling that I went up to the bar and tried to order the bartender. 
now there's a facebook group for all the people whose lives i've ruined 
I will give you vagina for bag of have'a corn chips. 
96 perecent sure i just took a shower with socks 
she's not even a shacker, she never made it inside. she's just a porch girl 
I just wanted to say sorry for trying to jack off your dog last night. 
Just took my morning after pill in the library 
I could tell by the way he was holding my hand that he really liked you 
i took an adderall last night to write a paper. i ended up watching 7 hours of roseanne and couldn't look away 
just cuze she's 16 doesn't mean it's illegal to add her on facebook 
if you do not get any action from him tonight, I am personally walking my drunk ass over there grabbing his tongue and sticking it in your mouth. this is getting ridiculous 
I know I'm really high but I swear I just saw him beating off to his fantasy football roster. 
Please dont jizz on my ds screen. 
i told him to take shots to cure a hangover and he told me i was "walking the steppingstones to alcoholism" 
I'm gonna have bed sores at the end of this hangover. 
he cracked the bottle of jager at 11am and said "hey, its Saturday and I gotta do something" 
he showed me his boner with his cell phone light during the movie. 
between my moustache and how drunk I am it will be a miracle if I get laid tonight. 
Wow i just got reported to security for being a homeless person trying to break into the library. 
you probably should not have drank the wine that everyone spits out. and the sad part, that was not even your low point last night 
He was legit dry humping me to the sportscenter theme song, awkward i think SO. 
And then he said "good night girls" and kissed each one before I put my shirt back on 
you went to subway and got pissed when they refused to deep fry your sub 
I wish I had my own personal Asian lady that lived under my bed so that she could wax my eyebrows and give me a pedicure whenever I wanted. 
I could give you a full detailed description of 75% of the penises in that room 
What do ugly girls do when they get too drunk at parties. They can't pull the whole "sorry i passed out on your couch but i'm hot so it doesn't matter "card 
Now that the fun of having an iPhone has worn off I find that using screen as a coke tray is by far my favorite app 
my underwear are soaked with white zifandel yet i have continued to wear them despite the fact im at home 
I'm so high that a hulu ad convinced me to go on healthybaby.com 
He just said "Chunky" very loudly in his sleep. 
i blame lastnights decisions on friday the 13th 
If I say "It's good enough" and I'm not talking about a sandwhich, that's your queue to stop me, you're supposed to be my friend. 
I left when they started reinacting what appeared to be a jerry springer episode 
Roller skating + drunkeness + peeing = mess 
My RA tried to compliment my pong tables design after he confiscated it 
Even the bartender felt bad for me 
Do you know how hard it is to conceal the fact that you puked all over the bed that someone is sleeping in? 
the day after is always just damage control 
no you're not listening to me HE WANTED TO BRAID MY HAIR 
do herpes really smell. 
I just saw a license plate that said "Guidete" at college. This proves the world is officially ending in 2012 
I wonder if those guys know that i know that is a halfway house and dont just think it is some cool older guy frat house. 
Its a long story, but I have superglue on my tongue 
A guy in a big stork costume just came to our meeting to give us condoms and t-shirts telling us not to get pregnant. Only at college 
you kept searching pizza on facebook and becoming a fan of each page dedicated to it 
Well, I guess that settles the question of how thick the walls are in my building. 
Its like the long john silvers of colleges, I wouldnt even go there to use the bathroom 
I had to go to the bank to confirm purchases made on 10/31/09 because they were signed as Lady Gaga 
hahaha he is wasted in math class right now and is drawing all the planets in order from the sun 
I think a girl in front of me glued an ugg tag to a weird pair of boots. 
My RA just tried to write me up for having sex too loudly during quiet hours. 
I hate how you keep a running list of people who have seen me naked. 
Just gave my little brother the collection of clothes that boys have left in my room since I've been in college for his birthday. 
glow-in-the-dark stars on his ceiling from '98 totally make blowing him more romantic. 
Vanilla vodka + chocolate soymilk does NOT equal an epic milkshake. 
how ive managed to spend 100$ at an open bar is beyond me. 
You asked the dj to play 'who let the dogs out" because it was your birthday. You left the bar and then re-entered to the song 
Any time you start making pro wrestling references before 10 PM I know that I'm breaking up a fight between you and some muscled up frat boy you call Hogan. 
she was so wasted that she tried to tuck me in and read the jokes on the taco bell sauce as a bed time story 
like why cant he just admit that he still wants to fuck me even though im underage 
I'll never ask another girl to get on top again, that girl from the bar last night got on top and shit diareah all over my ball sack while she was cumming. 
I would give away a ton of these clothes but I doubt there are any homeless people who dress as slutty as me 
I walked in on him cutting a hole in the condom. 
he just quoted gucci mane to try and get me to give him head. 
she made me cover her fishbowl with my shirt because she "didn't want to corrupt it." 
I hate to say it, but I think my pandora being Marvin Gaye love songs was the prime reason for the bj last night 
OMG THIS GUYS LICENSE PLATE IS GETTNHRWET 
she wrote "SORRY" in her vomit and left 
you called me at 4 am to tell me you found the cracker barrel location where we'll have lunch next week 
you tried to clear everyones facebook status so that yours would be the only one on everyones home page 
you need to not memorize your credit card number for drunk pizza 
You asked the waitress for a vasectomy and handed her a butter knife, like you were ordering something from the menu 
It's mornings like this that make me happy to have a clean pair of underwear in my purse. 
what the fuck. my fiance told me she called our wedding band last night and told them to perform "best i ever had" for our first dance 
Then he told me he was 40. I'm not sure if I have enough Daddy issues to go for it 
do you ever facebook stalk someone so much you think their inside jokes are yours? 
Nothing kills the mood more than a jesus song. 
i hope when i become a housewife i'm more of a gretchen and less of a vicky 
a girl just told me i should have been born earlier in the alphabet 
Who was more unwelcome: The two of us at the party last night, or Kimmy Gibler at the Tanner residence? 
the only reason he called me tonight was because I fertilized his crops on farmville. 
i walked into the party and i guess everyone knew because they began to chant "ass to mouth" 
you called me at 4 in the morning to tell me that your toaster burnt your english muffin, and that you "fuckin hated that thing." 
She's never had brie before last night, don't know if I can date a girl that doesn't like soft cheeses. 
I woke up this morning with 2 australian chicks passed out in my living room, a whole bunch of coke on my kitchen counter and I have no idea how the fuck either thing got there 
Is it bad that when I see babies I feel bad for them because its going to be forever until they are 21? 
fyi, if youre wondering if offering a female police officer sexual favors will get you out of a ticket, the answer is no. 
She just did a myspace photoshoot with her baby 
she went to pee and i could hear her singing "Drip Drip Drop LIttle April Showers" from Bambi through the door. 
I'm destined to be knocked up by a sailor 
i woke up and my collection of plastic neon wayfarers were half-melted in the microwave. my drunk self hates my hipster self 
lets have sex before this no shave november shit gets outta hand. 
Is it sanitary to roast marshmallows over a cigarette lighter? 
Sam from lord of the rings is 10 yards away from me, i am creaming myself. 
I wish I has some fucking Fairy God Parents, I want a kit kat so bad. 
She's like Mona Lisa when she's intoxicated. No one understands her but they all think she's marvelous 
so apparently telling her she could shit easier and therefore lose weight faster wasn't the best arguement for getting anal. 
Is there a nice way of saying 'touch my penis or i dont really wanna hangout"? 
it was better than the time i puked and I forgot to open the lid of the toilet 
i can't believe he got me to come over to him by waving a natty light at me. 
you ever get that eerie feeling when you walk in a room, when you know youve barfed here before. 
They left shortly after you claimed the dirty rug as your mattress and began alternating between singing "Dayman" and "Nightman" 
anyone who has a picture of a ferrari with the caption "mAh DreAM caR" is getting denied as my facebook friend. 
he was walking around the bar drinking wild turkey and gobbling simultaneously 
enterprise is going to pick me up, im too high for this 
You named all of the cocktail shrimps and then tackled a guy for "eating Henry" 
I wasn't trying to make you feel bad, I just agreed with you that your life does suck. 
so i was eating a special k bar this morning for breakfast and started choking on it so i reached into my bag for water turns out it was liquor. 
alright got my week's quota of sex in, ready for modern warfare 2 
i just made my gag reflex go away. 
he used the word "rubber" i just couldn't do it after that. 
Why does Corona taste like a burp? 
You called me twice to tell me that you spit in your own eye, when I was right next to you. 
I just showed my boobs to our astate representative hahahahahahha 
You don't understand, alcohol has become a thing of survival for me and without it I can't function as a normal human being 
We're playing Big Buck Hunter to determine who buys the next pitchers. And they said video games wouldn't help me later in life 
after last night, i judge her for not breaking up with me 
i say over christmas we have a beer pong competition with the cousins and see who really has the best genes in the family. 
so was this before or after i puked down the ice luge? 
I was so drunk i thought Kathy Griffin was funny 
you tried to tell me that ice cream had no calories because they were "frozen" 
I want someone to please me without me having to show him steps 1 through 5 
he was chasing shots of soco with fistfuls of my birthday cake 
how soon is too soon to introduce handcuffs into a relationship? 
It's all fun and games until the last slice of pizza gets bong water spilled on it. 
i just ate two sandwiches and am debating booty calling my landlord 
I'm playing wingman, but I want to pull a Goose and die. 
he saw my emergency pass-out-in-the-bathroom-after-drunken-puking cot in the bathroom. 
And then he came out of the bathroom in a kimono 
I'm at a party watching some dude try to eat a whole package of Oreos in 5 minutes. 
sorry i interrupted the heart to heart you were having with your bathrobe last night 
I thought she was mad at me, but then we did a pose off and I realized we're friends for life 
the $50 fast cash from checking button should just be retitled "8th of weed" 
i'm so high that for the last 10 minutes i pretened my sock was a mouse, and played with it like it was legit. 
Soooo my gf got the droid and doesn't have BBM anymore, I think its over for her 
She told me she couldnt give me head last night because she was running out of listerine 
Even water is tasting like jack daniels 
For some reason fuck navy didn't go over quite as well as say fuck michigan; 
I wonder how many times I can be hungover in one day 
The cab driver just finished telling me how leaving community college after one month was the best desicion he ever made. 
I look like a poor person in the cast of Gay Oliver. 
i am high, trapped with a bunch of skaters and asians watching a cat on lsd on youtube, the girl on the couch next to me is getting fingered, and there is lady gaga playing. god has forgetten about me 
ha so i just found a picture of you eating paper towels and many of Laura freaking out from it. 
this crazy girl in up in Dennys is going crazy because Bob Saget just texted her. 
So apparently last night I was running around columbus circle station screaming that Obama was a pussy and that "waterboarding should always be an option" lol 
and I asked her"are you allergic to condoms latex like your older sister " she said "Idk this is gonna be my 1time" 
Farmville is her only friend. 
smell my finger. 
Me and my dog bond so much when im high. 
i love how i spend my mornings exploring my phone to see what i did last night. 
you were going around the whole club telling people to smell ur purse 
are you drunk enough to hook up with me yet? 
maybe i get so drunk and make stupid mistakes cuz Subconsiously im preparing for my real world debut 
fuck your aforementioned shoe 
No I'm not okay I had a crush on the singer of Tokio Hotel for four months and now you tell me he's a dude? 
I just speedwalked down the broken metro escalator while high. Basically all my worst fears combined 
I don't have the money to get a cast so we made one from stuff at the craft store. 
In attempts to Not be THAT GIRL in front of my new crush I will only drink a 12 pack instead of my normal case. 
they just did a mariachi cover of free bird 
you were trying to give my penis an indian burn. 
Ha Ha the cop that just pulled me over would like me to tell you hi! 
This guy behind me is answering all of her questions. I may give him a lapdance to take my next test for me 
I woke up hungover and reached for a glass of water only to realize too late that it was vodka sprite with my splooge in it. 
Iiiiiii almost fall ib the lake 
He tried to pick up a girl by telling her about his homosexual experience in high school. 
A disheveled girl in front of me just looked down, shrieked, and yelled to the girl next to her "what is this" while pointing at two large white stains near the crotch of her black jeans. I love that Thursdays are weekends, it makes awesome Friday mornings 
the girl next to me in class just threw up in a waterbottle during our exam. 
oh well at that point I was already depressed with life because I had watched the bratz movie. 
he screamed my twitter name while we were having sex. 
Promise me that if I become one of those sad people that facebook pesters you to 'reconnect with' you'll tell me so I can delete mine and save myself the humiliation? 
part of me always dies a little when i go to the "2 women seeking 1 man" section in craigslist's casual encounters to find nothing there. it's tragic 
He made a note in his iPhone tonight so that he would remember that I rejected him. 
I cannot stress to you how much better your current situation is than listening to gay sex 
I would have added her but her profile pic was piece of pie 
After watching Cinemax for a few months, real porn just grosses me out. 
the girl sitting next to me in class is using her birth control box as a ruler 
you were almost asleep and mumbling "your penis is on my cheek" 
He kept starring at my ass and repeating "Its Just a beautiful piece of artwork." 
You kept shouting "Relax and take notes" every time before you would hit the blunt 
This situation is one cop call away from being a Lifetime movie. 
I knew my chances of getting laid had increased after she walked into my room and yelled "DICK TIME" 
she's got that wholesome 16 and pregnant look. 
he keeps commenting everything on my facebook. it's like he's virtually peeing on me 
then you asked me to turn your jeans into "jorts" just long enough to cover your ballsack 
You told the cops that they couldn't arrest you because they weren't hot enough to fuck 
i was so drunk that there were 2 of her, and i didn't know which one to fuck 
Just saw an ad for "Liver-aid" how has this not become a life changing drug for millions? 
You're earring is so big in my mouth 
He said "what's the haps". I don't know what the haps are but there goes his chances 
so my 6 year old came home from school and asked me if he was a bastard cause the kids at school called him one, i told him to call them a clit. those parents will hate me 
you guys are cousins why the FUCK are your pants off 
anyone who says 'i love you' and then followed by 'im going to call the cops if you touch me' doesnt really mean the first part fyi 
does my mom think that having an ed hardy lighter is going to get her laid? 
I've seriously contemplated telling him the baby isn't his just so I can meet Maury Povich 
Mission leave-the-puke-on-the-floor-til-the-dog-eats-it completed. I work smarter not harder 
I was so high i believed someone when they told me le moyne beat syracuse 
just took my exes job. there should be an award for how many times I've managed to fuck that girl's life 
Even if you were sober, spitters are STILL quitters, end of story. 
Dude I gave him a bj because he was upset about the NFL draft, if that doesn't lock it down, i don't know what does 
Helping high family members not look retarded is what family is for 
fyi, we didn't break up, we just downgraded to occasional sex without ever talking about it. 
we just stared at taco bell's menu on the website for 2 hours 
ok this guy next to me just sat down with a no joke, 10,000 page book, popped an addy, cracked open a red bull and opened the book to page 1. 
Googled "can you put dry ice in your drink?" I'm safee 
it turns out jennifers body is not good to beat off to. yeah its megan fox but when she pukes up blood = goodbye boner 
I wish I could get plan B off e-bay so it would be a secret and cheap. 
SOME GIRL ON THE STAIRS IN FRONT OF ME JUST FARTED AND IT WENT STRAIGHT INTO MY MOUTH! 
i have to start hiding my credit card when i drink i woke up this morning with 4 emails from Farmville telling me i spent over $800 on coins last night 
Whenever I don't wipe thoroughly after shitting, I just think that anyone if anyone sticks their finger up my ass, they had it coming. 
I want a gay best friend. or apple sauce either one is fine with me 
Anyway, my grandfather thinks you're attractive 
Let's just say there's a reason that "suede" rhymes with "laid". 
Just took a beer bong out of snuffaluffagus's trunk. Your move 
I just single handedly caused ferngully by printing the wrong 900 page document 
Then I opened the closet and then i found the babies 
I think my plan to not drink this week was just ruined by my mothers discovery of the chat function on facebook 
She went to the bathroom before i broke up with her so i changed all 2500 of her songs on her computer to "I'm a cheating whore" 
when I woke up she was standing in the living room with a bottle of scotch because she is "allergic to hangovers" 
Your sister got a Brazilian yesterday. It looks great 
connan obrien reminds me of an asparagus spear 
i'm pleased to announce i can now open a bottle of wine with my shoe if called upon to do so. 
You know its going to be a good homecoming when you beer bong a mimosa at 6am. 
this morning he rolled over looked at me and said "oooo, you look like i need a drink" and then put on his clothes and left without another word 
You thought that the "chillable" logo on the box wine was referring to a city in italy. 
Since when is my name a synonym for head? 
Someone sharpied 'shit show' on my tits. Someone with excellent penmanship 
Any particular reason you put 2 smashed up limes in my back pocket last night? 
i'm gonna start putting 34DD under other qualifications on my bartender applications and see if that helps 
So this text is costing me two dollars because I'm out of the country, but I just wanted to let you know it went well with the stripper last night 
He finally admitted that he was drunk when I asked him how he got the rug burn on his chin and he replied "the worm contest" 
and when he finished he started shouting "swim boys SWIM" 
he bonged a 1/5 of jack and came back an hour later blacked out with a legitimate chicago firemans helmet 
You wouldn't stop crying and screaming Hilary Duff doesn't deserve Gossip Girl 
you know you were way too high when you wake up next to a handwritten list of all the things you'd do for a Klondike bar 
even after i explained my bobby knight costume the bartender still kicked me out for throwing the chair 
How does, "Im sorry I was such an intoxicated bitch, I didn't mean anything I said" sound as an apology. 
hickory dickory dock, please dont tell me about your cock 
After you pregamed and were plastered you saw the cop was parked illegally so you gave him a citizens arrest 
we got our roommate high for the first time. He went into his room alone and watched Malcolm in the middle for three hours 
You dont ever try to use your dick as a power washer to get bits of poop of the toilet bowl? 
If they ask for a stool sample we r no longer friends. 
I really wish I didn't have to wear pants this is ridiculous 
i sold my breathalizer so i could buy weed 
I woke up at 2 in my clothes with a defrosted steak in my pocket, no drinky this week at all. 
it was funny though when you first woke up you pointed at my shoe and said i need my jacket and then put my shoe on your hand 
It's like she bought one bad life decision and got one free 
Come put a leash on your gf. She just challenged 8 cops to a wrestling match for 'tag team champion of the world' 
they started playing Don't Stop Believin' and you had a melt down because it wasnt the Glee version 
Remember when the only STD we had to worry about were hickies? Those were the days 
yes, the chronicles of narnia is exactly what happens when you do crack inside of a wardrobe. 
and then he said that the only reasonable explanation as to why I got swine flu was because all I ever do is join the bandwagon 
and you tried to get a free burrito from Potbelly's 
if she mentions anything about chili and my phone, just go with it 
I mean, it really isn't YOUR car until you have sex in it. 
i paused nhl 10 while i jerked off and it was like a crowd was cheering me on 
just upgraded from jello shots to jello bowls blacking out just got that much more delicious 
I don't know if the fire truck was perfect timing or if she actually burned something down. 
I think we were cool up until the point where he saw that planned parenthood was on my speed dial. 
you broke into my aparment at three in the morning wearing long johns and offered me beer. 
I feel bad for the person that has to clean the dishes that I peed on last night. 
This is the last time I call a hotel to see if you or some random guy paid for the room last night. 
One of the cleaning ladies on my floor just screamed from the bathroom 
I got a chicken sandwich and a frosty out of her. Better then having sex 
Did you see the soccer ref give that girl the red card as she was being kicked out of the party? 
she was dressed as a doctor claiming that after she was done i would have a "permaboner" 
all you did was keep googling "what time is it" over and over and over 
it was like weight watchers had a halloween party. 
you'd be confused too if you woke up to pictures of a ghostbuster doing body shots off you. 
The only thing I have to prove last night happened is a fireman's hat full of puke. 
Well for one thing, she was eating rice with a shot glass. 
I didn't black out, the guy in the Men In Black costume erased my memory 
You wanted to speak to the manager of mcdonalds as to why a "bag of cheeseburgers" isn't a menu option. 
you started whispering 'the itsy bitsy spider' while you were putting your hands up my shorts. 
Having sex with the stobe light on was the best bad idea I've ever had. 
I just got a drinking merit badge from a slutty girl scout 
you kept slapshing your drinks on people saying the power of christ compels you. 
I don't even know how sober sex starts anymore 
At one point last night while tipping the bartender you looked at him and said "If I need money later, I'm taking this back" 
I just won Halloween Walk of Shame Bingo! 
i went to throw her on my bed and threw her straight in to my bike 
so i walked in, looked up the stairs and all i saw was smashed pumpkin, tube socks, and marinara sauce 
I put the beer in my little red riding hood basket. 
i just watched kanye west and taylor swift have a chugging contest. why cant halloween be every day 
im keeping my plan b box as a souvenir of my first halloween weekend in college 
he was so drunk he doesn't remember anything. I have to break up with him all over again 
I had a dream that I had 21 friend requests. it was the best day 
I didn't know it was possible to throw up mid-sneeze. 
You were so drunk that some guy dressed as Harry Potter pointed his wand at you and screamed "Accio SHITSHOW" 
it was all downhill after the free blackjack taco 
I just remembered we said the Lord's Prayer before we went out last night. 
I have before 2 am pics and after 2am pics, which do you want to see first? 
i guess that's what happens when you find your girlfriend at the zoo 
biggest mistake ever: halloween 2009 
You tried to wear your Jesus costume into Family Christian stores and say it was a book signing. 
The guy I was getting with last night took off his purity ring mid-sex and threw it across the room. 
we were dressed as cave people and he kept telling everybody i was so easy a caveman could do it. 
is it sad that i think every plant i pass on the highway looks like a plant from farmville? 
mom just called and i was mid bong hit but i answered anyways coughing and sounding rough she the apologized for waking her little angel up. its 2PM 
you insisted on breathalizing me with a inhaler. 
And as you crawled into the bathroom last night you repeatedly said "I know the routine". 
Apparently throwing up on your own cape is still a party foul 
i think i got so emotional from a mix of getting my period and slapping the bag like five times 
I just realized that the music from spongebob is also used in real sex HBO. 
I wishh there was a lost and high section in walmart cause I would be there right now 
The guy at McDonald's just told us there is no flash photography allowed. 
I was thinking about baking his mom "sorry you found out i was sleeping with your son" cupcakes 
Yea went to the bars and he called me 2 hours later with random people saying he is at a place that i don't think exists 
if i dont get laid while im dressed as Tim Tebow, i'm just staying true to the costume. 
trsut me youll find me, im the only kanye west here and every1 is chanting dbag at me 
I don't know what kind of drugs you were on last night but you kept trying to highlight my face because you said I was important 
flash back: i gave smirnoff to a group of children at walmart 
recess is on disney at 4 in the morning, insomnia has never been so rewarding 
the best job he will get is a sex ed teacher in alabama 
I am going to be the most sexually active ladybug that he has ever seen 
you tried to do a keg stand and ended up flipping over it and onto the table 
i fell off the bed in the middle of it, and he yelled "5 second rule" and kept fucking me. i think im in love 
I should have known there'd be issues when he included "beautiful soul" in our playlist 
whoever created level 16 on brickbreaker is a dick 
I walked into cold stone and the guy started preparing a supersized birthday cake remix for "Mrs. Munchies" 
I just hemmed my dress for halloween, never felt more like a man 
Let's go to weight watchers and eat in front of them. 
then I woke up and felt a boner that wasn't even mine. never taking 3am vodka again 
i can't wait to kiss dudes with my vampire teeth in. 
remind me to tell you what i found stuck to me this morning 
he actually used the line "do you have a map, because i'm lost in your eyes" and i was to drunk to care 
im stripping for him via video chat, but the sound is turned off cause his students are taking a test 
Why did you video tape me drying my boxers in the microwave? 
i hate when i ask a girl what she's being for halloween and the first word isn't "slutty" 
I denied three guys and puked everywhere because I love you. 
remember the good old days of high school when a half gal would last for more than a nite 
rubbing her clit was like playing thumb war 
For a day that started with shitting my pants, things turned out fairly well. 
he recorded me cumming with the t-pain app on his iphone 
im holly from the hills drunk 
i am making flyers for the homeless letting them know about free chipolte day 
you just can't say no to drugs on a mirrored table. 
I had sex with him, and then he gave me a $5 Starbucks gift card. Totally worth it 
I just spent an unhealthy amount of money overnighting a full adult sized Trix Rabbit Halloween costume 
You better get here soon. I'm about to spend $30 on a cactus online 
I'm so bored, I can only pretend that this truck is a spaceship for so long. 
I wasn't on board with that statement until "home made dinosaurs" 
I am so high I am beginning to unironically like Vanessa Carlton. 
you made me watch la bamba, and then you yelled at me for disrespecting your mexican heritage. 
My itunes is telling me i listened to toxic by b spears 108 times last night 
after a few more beers I realized that both my wife and I like Latin men. 
I'm dreading the fact that when the dominoes guy comes, he will ask me if i placed an order under the name "high as shit". 
I knew the sex would be bad when he slipped the rubber on and said "safe sex activated" 
life just isnt the same w/o real world cancun 
Thank you for holding my vodka while the police let me ride their horse. 
Considering last night's endeavors, I am going to hell 5 times over. 1 for puking on a hobo, 1 for laughing about it, and 3 for remembering it today and laughing about it sober 
Dont you think its a little early in the relationship for sexting? 
they made me velveta mac and cheese and fish. I wanna stay here the rest of my life 
i stapled my math hw together with an ear ring, too ghetto? 
strike ten. I need to stop drinkng 
remind me not to puke in the mesh trash can tonight 
Then he told me I had the most beautiful looking vulva 
"auto-tuned camel" is how i'd describe the noises she made 
After the sixth shot I started to slur my pauses. 
I told him I'd give him a BJ if he admited Hanson was good. 
Just because i have a masturbation problem doesnt mean you can put 20 photos of Jesus in my room. 
I don't want to have to wonder if I'm draining my pasta in the same side of the sink you pissed in 
I wish I was that guy from the miller light commercials so I could walk into parties and take peoples beer without getting yelled at 
Tell your boobs to stop staring at me. 
explain to me why "crisis hotline lolz" is in my contacts? 
I'm playing with the baby I just found in your kitchen 
operation have a gay friend backfired 
I know ur sleeping, sorry for waking you but i just saw a girl with mittens on using her nose to control her ipod touch 
I don't think its a good idea if I moon a whole bar again 
I KNOW you don't honestly think you can pay me back in lotto tickets. 
Measuring your booze intake in glasses is like measuring Rosie O'Donnell's weight in ounces. 
is it sad that whenever i need to spell "independent" i still sing that one rap song? 
i get tired of guys telling me there married or they have a girlfriend. they act like it concerns or matters to me 
Nothing says "You're all grown up now" like setting up your 401k with shitty underwear. 
Dude, totally just found out that I've been washing my hair with semen for the past 3 weeks. 
just smoked a bowl with my history teacher. i love community college 
i just got so high i needed a buddy system to the kitchen 
She wanted to test if her costume allows her to still have sex in it. It does 
he told me I talked like a deaf person 
Ever since I got married, I've become the MacGuyver of masturbation 
the red, white, and blue power rangers were all also in the porn buisness, good bye childhood 
i tried to get you to come inside, but you insisted on throwing up in the flowers "because they're pretty." 
Our teacher totally just got outed in class by a speaker from some lesbian cooperative house 
The best part about the NBA starting up is I get to see Charles Barkley make a fool out of himself for 8 months 
i'm watching the tyra show: "women who beat up their boyfriends" - lets see how she can make THIS one all about herself too. 
i just saw someone crawling up the stairs to the dorm while screaming "i have the best vagina!" 
there should be a relationship option on facebook "stillllll in a relationship" 
im getting my college education on yahoo answers. 
I am NOT getting arrested in a batman mask 
Dude you called me last night to let me listen to you piss in a cup and drink it. Just making sure you survived 
why isn't there a fb relationship option that says 'still banging my ex' 
dude if Megan calls say you Sis was house sitting for me yesterday , she f'n found dana's panties 
If Andre Agassi did Crystal Meth, what was John McEnroe doing? 
So I accidentally txted this girl with the same name as the one im seeing, as it turns out shes still dtf 
that cunt stole my fb status. SHE'S NOT THAT FUNNY 
Highlight of my evening, pile of books falling onto me in front of people 
he wanted to have sex on the little rocking chair but i was too high to figure out how to do that so we did it on the floor. 
he showed up at my house with a hand-stiched sweater that said "girlfriend?" 
You said you were collecting Asians for your Kate Gosselin costume. 
This last weekend single handedly took me off the liver transplant list 
Get out of your relationship and into my pants. 
she was trying to give me a handjob in biology class while we were learning about the penis. 
They threw a beer at you on stage and then you stopped the karaoke and cussed everyone in the bar out for 2 minutes 
all i need in life is blowjobs and white cheddar cheezits 
this boner is exhausting 
They should make a Rosetta Stone that allows men to understand what the fuck women are actually trying to say. 
So then the officer asked you how you were getting home and you told him "very carefully" 
In an effort to go green, I just used rainwater to fill my bong. 
i just walked by a road side game of beer pong? it's gonna be a long day 
i just used google streetview to figure out where i spent the night last night 
im too high. i could barely wash my hair, let alone handle a whole shower 
we're microwaving frozen margaritas its not the same without u 
I was debating whether her purse was real then I saw her puke in it. 
Either these are mashed potatoes in my pants, or I was drunker than I thought. 
I can't believe you made out with me with a french fry in your mouth. 
his penis was like watching paranormal activity your very hyped up to see it but you think it might be very scary and in the end you didnt really see anything at all 
We're like two naked peas in a sex pod. 
When you come back do you think I could print anorexic pictures of Mary-Kate? 
something must definitely be wrong with me if i'm chasing after a guy who cant even get it up 
Dude, 1 prime defect in the snuggie- you can't fuck someone discreetly under a snuggie. No way no how 
My pussy is not your playground. 
he said "you're pretty" then i made out with him. thats all it took 
And you kept hanging up and calling back because you thought I wasn't greeting you properly. 
I don't care where my tongue is but i t's going to be in all the pictures. 
Ive had to apologize to every girl i know today because of you 
I wish they had a "No Yankees" filter on status updates. 
i dont know you, but i just did a line with your business card. 
it's one of those mornings where you are proud of yourself just for waking up. 
just saw a girl throwing up in a taco bell nacho cantainor going 60 down the highway 
one day I'm really going to regret not using the boners I got in planes and cars 
I feel like a combination of david goes to the dentist and drunkest guy ever goes for more beer 
Bret has after-school detention for writing Brianna has a stinky vag on the ground at recess. 
I hid 4 bags of cocaine in your house. Have fun finding them 
People kept wishing me happy birthday last night. apparently i was 21st birthday drunk 
I just got hit by a car. I'm fine; I'll be to the bars in about 15 
Wine + wine + wine + wine + bud light = puke. 
The old saying is "its not the size of the boat-- but the motion of the ocean" is obviously for those on the "Small side." I am of the belief that "You can't churn butter with a toothpick" 
meet me or not, i'm out of control 
you win again, gameday. 
I told him I would sleep with him if he could name all the colors of the wind. 
you yelled then hung up at the girl on information bc she could not pinpoint your location and tell you how to get to dennys 
the cops didnt even say happy birthday to me :( 
since when did accompanying a guy to a wedding mean that anal was required that night? 
All I remember from last night is puking up a box of cheeze-its and the building catching on fire. 
So what does a sober person do in Vegas on a Friday night? 
At least you didnt end up topless in a Tina Turner wig singing cabaret tunes 
I just saw a Puerto Rican child between the ages of 8 and 11 with a faint mustache talking very loudly on the bluetooth in his ear about how "Skittles are played the fuck out" 
benefit of terrorism--they won't let you buy random one way plane tickets to random parts of the country for no reason nonmatter how high you are. 
I have on cowboy boots and a ten gallon hat. I'd say I'm a little past tipsy 
how the FUCK am I supposed to macarena while doubble fisting? 
I've been congratulating people on facebook about their forthcoming pregnancies. I can't wait to see how this plays out 
im dirt poor will suck dick for halloween costume 
thanks for not screaming that I'm pregnant when that guy was giving me his number. 
Somewhere in this world my second husband is in 9th grade. 
yeah that pretty much nipped itself in the bud when I realized i could see her whiteheads glowing in the blacklight 
I just saw a homeless guy on rollerblades; I don't think I've ever felt sorrier for someone in my life. 
Also how the fuck did i get like 30 brown napkins 
please stop telling ppl youre Alice Cullen when youre drunk 
Just watched a porn with the dvd commentary on i think i need to re-evaluate my life 
just scratched off #34 on my list of things to do before age 30 - drunk in a helicopter. 
A small cock is a small cock, don't blame the size of my hands 
I never thought I'd hear the words "aww you pulled out" and "you're so sweet" in the same sentence. 
I can't believe I wasted a google wave invite on her. 
dude I just realized something - girls return my clothes washed so in thought bringing girls home is like avoiding going to the laundramat 
You saying I have a drinkingg problem is like saying Superman has a flying problem. 
you were licking his little sister's watercolors and trying to paint with your tongue. 
You don't understand, Single Ladies is like the Don't Stop Believing of the gay community. 
You were so drunk you tried to sell your salsa to everyone on the restaurant. 
well it doesn't count as a walk of shame if he drops you off at your class in his golf cart 
she told me she was pregnant in a never have i ever game 
Having sex with her was like reading the Wall Street Journal. 
if I could go back to kindergarten and not fuck up my life, I so would. 
it doesn't count as moral degradation if you win the strip off -right? 
Literally just as i started to cum the church bells next ot my house began to ring. either it was the most epic timing ever or god was watching and congratulating me 
make sure i look cute passed out on the couch. 
i have some very unhappy turtles in my backseat 
I'm not really sure how I got home, but judging by this headache, i'm assuming it involved bourbon. 
Now you know why i just sit on the toilet and scream 
Swine flu is the new snow day. 
Thanks for making me watch you dance provacatively by yourself in the bathroom so you could see if you looked fat. 
I am about to be in my happy place. (the shower with a 6 pack) 
it was 5AM and you were field goal kicking solo cups into the sink 
I just realized that i have never seen about 30 percent of my friends sober before 
I wish there was a "friends who have gained the most weight since high school" filter on facebook for when I am feeling fat. 
Wish I didn't live with 3 girls so I could beat off in peace. 
I just recorded courtney puking and set it as my ringtone. 
I love the progression of these pictures. I go from cute to Courtney Love 
nah, shes just mad because we went through all her fb pics and tagged her crotch as all the guys shes fucked 
I think the world might be a better place if everyone was capable of having open relationships. 
Is it possible for Craig Seger to wear a normal suit and not look like an asshole on national tv? 
I just masturbated into a dress sock. I feel fancy 
I feel like I'm one of those people who someone looks at and thinks "how did she get into this college" 
I often get tempted to walk up to her drunk ass and say, "shouldn't you be taking care of your kid?" 
You covered in salsa con queso would take care of all of my cravings right now 
So then I sent a pic msg of the Magnum XL box to her friend 
Ok so my english teacher told me i could have 5 absences bc of my "problem". I have no idea what she is talking about 
Why do bread and butter chips remind me of eating out your mom? 
Do you know a sam ****, im at the bar right now and lookin for some dirt on her to guilt trip her in to sex 
That adds atleast one bjs worth of awkward sexual tension between us. 
Ketchup is God's man juice 
Yes but life is bad with poopy sheets 
That's the great thing about NY, if you pee your dress you have an entire cab ride to air dry your panties before the next club. 
all i remember is you climbed in a garbage can and said you were trashed 
you spent the like half the night trying to figure out the puzzles on the back of the captn crunch box 
Martha Stewart would most definitely roll a great joint. 
You even been so high breaking up weed with your fingers feels like surgery? 
You would only drink if the space jam soundtrack was playing, you thought it was hilarious that before every shot you said "y'all ready for this". 
he is training for a marathon but can't last more than five minutes on top. worst tuesday night ever 
it was like the sexual equivalent of when Wilson fell off the raft and floated away 
Just rolled over and realized my vodka goggles are not as functional as my beer goggles 
all the douches that like ed hardy are the same douches that were obsessed with lisa frank 
If I saw Perez Hilton naked I think I would stick a lit candle down my throat. 
it took me about 5 minutes before I knew it was in her ass. i thought the first time would be a bit more special 
I know the vomits not mine cause its on my back. 
it was like my fingers were behind enemy lines 
the sex wasnt even worth changing my sheets 
the level of his annoyance + every insult he makes = the closer I am to telling him im fucking his ex 
i have now learned nap means the same thing as sex in college 
I hope I don't blackout because this is awesome! 
we were frolicking through a fountain of pizza rolls. it was like the best dream i ever had 
He did a double fist pump when he discovered the Magnums fit and skipped back towards the bed. 
You cheat on me once, shame on me. You cheat on me with a white girl, it's fucking over 
you dialed the number "23" then talked to it for three minutes 
It feels like I shit a light bulb that shattered on the way out. 
if i wake up one more time on my porch im gonna start considering myself homeless 
what is TOTES MCGOATS in spanish? 
Michael Bay is the white Tyler Perry. 
it can't be normal that my body odor smells like fries 
you got so mad from losing a game of beerpong that you went into another room by yourself and practiced for an hour and a half. 
dude they were twins that means they were both only 17 
'in an unhealthy relationship' should def be an fb option 
You can now add 30,000 feet to the places where I have puked 
It is virtually impossible to listen to single ladies and perform any seated task. 
Found a phone last night. Hope "daddy" gets picture messages 
better yet, through the bookshelves. like an intellectual glory hole 
Only my sister would update her facebook status while going into labor. 
he used a semicolon in his bootycall text, of course he's not gonna go down on me. 
Ridin mah bike see you on the moon 
He looks like the kind of guy that still collects pokemon cards 
I feel like I'm back in highscool trying to hide my erections at work 
I may have discovered that porn hub is on my top visited sites during class this morning. 
We got so high we made milksteak 
I know im too high when i think porn has an interesting story line. 
I watched the entire movie Forgetting Sarah Marshall before I realized it was in Spanish. 
It took you an unbelievable amount of time to realize that your ass was on fire. 
Thank God they found balloon boy, I was afraid that Michael Jackson was ordering take out from heaven. 
Draw a picture of yourself puking and peeing on her and give it to her with a note that sys this could be your future if you be my friend 
Sometimes, in the course of human events, people get lit on fire. 
He said we were driving the golf cart through the woods screaming 'iceroad truckers' for four hours in the dark 
Its like im going on a blind date, but ive already had sex with her 
You know, I really only think drinking is a problem if you're not good at it. 
like literally i think i'm sweating out semen right now 
just put cider in my bong. gotta love fall 
imagine if the morning after your status automatically updated with the name of the person you hooked up with 
Trying to find something to do here is like trying to find a vegan resturant in alabama. 
just realized the sink is the perfect height to piss into never cleaning the toilet again 
It was confusing and full of hummus 
I just mistook a monk for someone with the newest colored snuggie. 
I just fell for a fake 50 dollar bill in a urinal. Fuck pittsburgh 
i woke up today to a handjob from this really fat girl that keeps calling me michael phelps 
bad to tell him im pregnant over fbook chat? 
I just gave the bartender my number in roman numerals. If she figures it out, she's worth a shot 
it always starts out as a suggestion then three hours later I have cum in my eye. 
Any girl that compares her vag to a hot ham sandwich is beyond a slut 
I wish scraping a resin bowl could be considered cleaning. 
yeah so i didn't even realize i was on meth until the next morning 
So are you the girl that gave me herpes? or was that the girl from the night before 
Her bacne/racne was so bad it was like having sex with bubble wrap. 
dude you apologized to her after she called you stupid. you were like "no i'm sorry, you shouldn't have to be around stupid people, it's my fault" 
I'm not upset with you; I'm upset with Fox News. 
you know how i said i wouldn't send that pic message of your lofted bed falling from you fucking a fat chick? that was after i sent it to your mom 
She said she had a thing for dinosaurs. Come get me now 
yea i came on her face and told her to bring a snorkel next time 
After I just paid $211 for my hair to be dyed and cut this guy at the bar said "I know you died your hair with koolaid, but I'd still fuck the shit out of you" 
The reason halloween exists is because it's not cheating if you're wearing a costume. 
Can we progress our friendship to a point where i'm at least granted a blowjob allowance? 
i have a real life question, do ur boyfriends pretend to be vampires ever? 
The size of her hoop earrings are directly related to how much of a slut she is. 
My insides feel lik shag carpet. It is awesome 
You'd think after all these years of evolution that it would be longer than a golf pencil. 
I just sneezed and it tasted like taco bell. 
NEVER shave your cleavage hair. 
so I smoked with the leasing agent of the apartment complex. Of corse I am going to take this one 
i bet if teenage jesus was here he would do a shot with me 
I think my penis got bigger when i lost weight 
u know what's depressing? a picture of an owl without a graduation cap 
no, i dont want the owner to like me bc i dedazzled my vagina 
i told him im from Canada, abortion is free 
please keep texting me so i can pretend someone likes me 
she had a my little ponys comforter. i left when she went to the bathroom 
I just don't understand how my upright asian catholic roommate is getting more than me. 
Walk of shame was bad enough, but farting with each step as I walked past his roommates was just not cosmically fair. 
I told her Billy Mays couldn't convince me to sleep with her 
im having a hard time not telling ppl about ur bathroom story 
Just so we both are on the same page, I have no solid plans as to where I'll be sleeping tonight. 
If im going to fail a midterm I might as well be drunk while I do it 
One of the mothers are the party said to me "All your friends are getting married, you're just getting drunk" 
We got so high yesterday we tried watching soccer 
you dont seem to understand my overwhelming need to watch space jam right now 
i was like a deer caught in headlights with its coke-dick hanging out 
i have no concept of time, i feel my nose, and im seeing everything in bitty hexagons. 
This unplanned pregnancy thing is really taking all the fun out of football season. 
i was so drunk that i ate a carrot out of her guiena pig's cage and thought it was normal 
dude if i could bring that prime piece of meat home, id be the luckiest average-looking girl who ever lived 
tonight, alcohol would be proud of us 
When he was fingering me, it felt/looked like he was digging around for pocket change. 
you're dressed like that and you're on the rag, that's false advertisment 
there's a wrestler here in a Ferrari//puma hoodie who is telling girls his win//loss record as a pickup line. 
So I'm pretty sure when I was giving a Birthday Blow J, he went to grab my boob, but grabbed a fat roll and asked "You're not wearing a bra?" 
I cannot believe you needed a note to remind yourself to ask me about the fourteen sleeping Mexicans. 
the line for where the wild things are looks like radiohead had sex with an urban outfitters 
do you ever just like the smell of your farts? 
he was so excited that he found the elusive clitoris. i was like look christopher colombus, just because you found it doesnt mean you knew what to do with it 
I wonder if they've ever made a porno about the song "she'll be comin' round the mountain when she comes" 
can u get pink eye on your cock? 
that's why i date skinny girls, they don't realize how small it is. 
i feel like someone uncorked me like a wine bottle and pulled a living animal outta my arse. 
Minivans at bars can only lead to bad things. 
I hate the awkward morning-after-I-took-your-virginity conversations. 
STOP SENDING ME DANCING JESUS FORWARDS. 
im pretty sure you tried to fart so bad you accidently pissed your pants at my party. 
No, that was before the police came, but after the hooker. 
Is it too weird if im a sexy tampon for halloween? 
So how was awkward coffee with forgets-your-name? 
One thing i hate about playoff baseball: George Lopez 
Can we just schedule bi-weekly fucks and bypass all the bullshit? 
captain morgan taught me last night that resee's puffs are way better when eaten straight out of the sink. 
Locked out of the apartment with just a box of wine way to begin the weekend. 
if my college career had corporate sponsors, they would be natty light and aim toothpaste. 
He asked me how my body knew that a month was up when it was time for my period. 
i always forget that thursday isnt the weekend in the real world 
some girl in front of me in class just googled "hungover+throwing up blood" 
Maybe you should have studied instead of worrying about who is going to have sex with you 
im sorry but my first introduction to your dick isn't going to be a pic sent from the men's room 
whatever sunny in Philadelphia does on Thursday nights, I'm doing all weekend. 
she just made me lysol my hands in order to touch her tits. 
Ways to know you did something wrong: you sugar-coated it for your therapist. 
she makes me feel like im THAT guy in the taylor swift song 
Let's pretend this is a good idea before I change my mind. 
What I lack in compassion I make up for in lack of compassion 
this guy just used the pickup line "God must have spent a little more time on you" I recognized the nsync lyric immediately. 
My entire life is one complicated drinking game 
The best revenge is premature balding 
The crowing achievement of my life is still the time I made a 3 course meal out of things I found in the dumpster. 
i do not condone bathtub ky wrestling 
Acid is not a monday night drug 
you said your puke was red because you were proud to be an american. 
The one night I bring a girl home you leave the footloose soundtrack playing. 
I'm sending you this that that when you wake up and see the girl sleeping next to you, you know who to thank 
I didn't think it was possible for the human body to be physically dependant on weed until I moved in with this kid 
im glad we only fight about serious things like the hills and disney scene it 
you know that hot chick that stutters? talk about an awkward orgasm 
I was high enough to think chocolate sauce on bagel bites was a good idea 
Now would be a great time to stop wondering " Who let the dogs out" and go to sleep 
she looks like stephen colbert with that blond wig he was wearing last night. 
No, I'm never going to get a job bc I don't know anything about public relations except that Chris Crocker wants everyone to leave Britney alone. 
I was so high I couldn't tell if they were goosebumps or herpes. 
what do people who dont have blackberrys do while they poop? 
but what if he tries to talk dirty to me with the lisp? 
She turned over and said "You smell like my dad, i just can't do this" 
i just looked up and i was like omg ballsack and then i didnt know what to do 
i never told you how having a club foot got me laid 
what part of covering your puke with shaving cream seemed like a good idea? 
If you liked it then you shoulda put your dick in it, oh uh uh oh 
yea pretty sure we followed the trail of your spaghetti-o vomit to find the car 
stop calling my apartment porn island. 
I'm praying to Jesus, Allah, Buddah,and the whole gang tonight that I'm not pregnant 
You put a thong on my pumpkin didn't you. 
he looks like a really good dad on facebook 
I don't think he's ever woke up with a paraplegic stripper sitting on his face before. 
so he was shitfaced and kept using sticky notes to label everything like "beer spill" and "going to fuck later" 
at least after i hook up with someone i have the decency to ignore them 
i was gonna tell him a really embarassing story about you, but then i remembered im in all of them 
I know it's getting bad when I wash the bong more often then the dishes 
What is this red stuff in a water bottle in my fridge that's labeled "not for baby turtles"? 
i just found an uncooked ramen noodle in my underwear 
Well, what part of "I've heard she has crabs" didn't you take into consideration? 
Killed two birds with one stone: found my wallet and unclogged the toilet. 
i might even pee on it at walmart i am so nervous 
I mean i might have to drop this class tomorrow. I just walked into a midterm 
if you google earth my address you can see me getting out of my car. finally my moment of being famous 
I just saw a woman point to her daughter and scream at her husband THIS IS YOUR GENES, THIS IS YOU. 
I went with the blow up doll and I'm glad I did. 
I'm basically sure i was the reason for glitter on his penis 
I seriously need to stop naming my lingerie sets after the boys I wear them for. I seriously just asked mom if she put Brett in the dryer 
is it trashy that while he was throwing up in the bathroom, i was hooking up with his childhood best friend? 
I'm starving. my midnight snack, aka a teaspoon of cum, isn't holding me over 
so I called to to smoke and you didn't pick up so I smoked and now I'm a race car 
Last night Brynn convinced every person at the party wearing glasses that they stole hers, and she woke up with 8 pairs of prescription glasses in her bag. 
That's the last time I fill my pockets with sushi. 
I cut my penus on the lid. 
This is a mass text. Does anyone know what the hell the asian woman at the end of Napoleon Dynamite is doing in the movie 
she was like a sexier Rosie O'Donnel 
all i know is that they all tuched my pee cup last night. 
she thought don quixote was a type of tequila. 
I'm sorry i'm just too high to handle anything besides pirates of the caribbean right now. 
Nah, lets use your guy, my drug dealer is going all pineapple express on me 
New realization: eye makeup remover takes sharpie off boobs 
why is there a sandwich nailed to the wall 
apparently people get pissed when you take the bag of wine out of the franzia box and put it in your purse before leaving the party 
We walked because you started screaming when you finally realized he wasn't Ben Bailey and it wasn't the Cash Cab. 
so im kinda of nervous about the whole bust inside event last night 
How am I suppose to look him in the face when I know a commercial lasts longer than he does? 
i dont have any money that hasnt already been designated for cigarettes and birth control 
The only reason I kept his number in my phone for so long is so that hed pay for my abortion. 
i dont care that its taken 20 hrs to pee without hurting, BEST HATE SEX EVER. 
I am midnight drunk by noon 
I feel like my nuva ring should have a vibrating switch. 
Deffinety need to stop having sex on the beach just took a dump and it was mostly sand 
two more shots til everyone in this club gets to see my cesarean scars. 
PS Can you transmit a UTI to a sexual partner? I tried to ask, but the doctor just told me to abstain (sup Bristol) for my own good w/o answering 
Nothing better then your mother meeting someone you randomly had sex with and him introducing himself as the guy who rocked her world once. 
yes we were fucking thats why i put "watching a movie" in quotations 
her teeth should be alot whiter from all of those blowjobs she gives 
when she said she would show you her other bow, she ment she wanted you to bend her over and see the tattoo on her lower back you idiot 
pretend to be my girlfriend and sign me up for tool academy 
im naked on webcam to her boyfriend, but im playing neopets at the same time, so its all evened out 
just because you dressed up as a brontosaurus doesn't mean you can poop in my yard and roar at my neighbors 
it's gonna be a chat room kind of night 
Yeah i wasn't gonna go out but then i was like im not gonna get my dick wet stayin at home studying 
So then I told him that only a restaurant managed by a florida fan could run out of ketchup 
Your favorite bartender is back from prision 
it wasn't sex, it was awkward naked time. 
remember when jerking off was fun and not a neccesity 
please tell me that the half empty jar of cocktail sauce on the table has nothing to do with my missing seamonkeys 
the last thing i remember is fucking her. GAME CHANGER i woke up in another bedroom to her younger sister blowing me 
Sometimes I kiss girls just to make them shut up. 
friends don't let friends hook up with gingers. 
I mixed the ketchup wit the mustard in one bottle to save time making hotdogs 
Let me guess--your parents are cousins. 
I wish you could order shots online. 
a slip n slide in 50degree weather was the 2nd dumbest thing i have ever done. the 1st was hitting the wooden fence i believed was supposed to "help us stop" 
I blacked out, fell off a swingset, and thought I was Liz Lemon for almost an hour. 
apparently i traded the tiffany necklace my mom bought me for 2 shots and next in line for beer pong at the frat. 
You closed the sidewalk off to pedestrians last night. With a glitter covered safety cone 
when i'm not drinking i'm making facebook events about drinking 
but why does your life always sound like the plot of a porn? 
but i got with him after midnight so its technically 2 days 
I just woke up with the words DO IT on my hand and six beers in my purse. 
I got otter pops to cool the beers, it's an all around better idea. 
Good thing you left when you did - ended up getting banned from jimmy johns. 
The ratio was 19 to 1 and the 1 was lauren so it didn't even count. 
He is like that thing on the menu you would eat because nothing else looks remotely edible. 
No - a douche bag is not a fashion accessory. They do not make Gucci Douchebags 
He told me he had more lines than a plaid shirt 
I just found your credit card inside the bag of chips 
she had condoms in her med. cabinet - magnums -I don't think I'm tall enough for this ride 
I'm missing my class because I'm not done with my beer 
time to smoke my breakfast 
Those former-lesbian gone white-trash bars always seem to be your favorite. 
so let's talk penis. 
Mango Malibu should win a nobel peace prize 
you just broke rule number 1. If you can't lift her up don't date her 
she was on her period so I asked if she wanted to make ass babies 
is it wrong that I want a "Where The Wild Things Are" tshirt that points to my junk? 
ok please explain why some one shaved half of my pubes? 
My history with restaurant waiters is severely limiting our dinner options. 
awesome recipe for disaster- bar hopping at the airport 
He woke me up by trying to shove oreos in my mouth. im ready to go home now 
i cant finish this easy-mac because i need it for a chaser. 
you laugh because clearly you have never had to clean poop out of a tub 
just once id like to meet someone on craigslist who isnt fat 
chasing shots of tequilla with sun chips. its doable but not recommended 
just used a blowie as payment for him having to take the dog out to let her poop. 
you don't know how close you are to someone till they ask you to shave their ass. 
i just used burnetts to get spraypaint off the floor of my dorm lobby 
im returning my roomates shirt with a "i got laid in this" thank you note 
I thought this kinda shit only happens to ugly people 
We need to rekindle our bromance 
he had more hair on his balls then in my Easter basket 
Apparently mid blow job I started crying telling her how "Wonderful this blow job is" 
He made me pinky-promise that he gave me an orgasm. 
you kept trying to make scrambled eggs with 3 hardboiled ones. 
where does the pee come out of this thing 
I tried to go shot for shot with some guy called "shit show martinez" 
It was kinda bitchy last night when i brought up my pregnancy scare and you said "shotty playing with it" 
I've come to notice a late period isn't as exciting when you have no reason to worry 
Roman Polanski is more welcome at my daughter's birthday party than you are at that bar 
there should be a national holiday dedicated to how high i am 
I just found out why they dont make table-dance tables out of glass. 
He cant even get with danielle. Thats like striking out in t-ball 
I'm half bulimic - I binge but forget to purge 
I've replaced the bottom of the food pyramid with alcohol. 
i just carried on a conversation with my mother from another room mid-ejaculation. you would have done the same 
i think i just witnessed the elusive male walk of shame 
you just stared at your feet and said some shit about the molecules dancing and how you had just solved physics. 
I just remembered I gave a homeless man a ride to his bridge last night. 
I just stuffed five dollars in my near empty box of camels to remind myself to buy more. And my mom says I don't budget my money 
Just wondering why in an apartment full of stoners there is half a waffle in the TRASH CAN. get ur shit together man 
She needs to learn what's it like to have sex with someone and regret it the next day. 
Who is John, and why is his named carved into our toilet? 
And then he told me he had the vodka, but he was still in line at WIC for the juice. 
He seems like he has feelings, which is completely unacceptable; esp for a boy in college. 
I hate it when I can only see straight when I close one eye. I feel like that deserts the purpose of seeing with two eyes 
sorry i walked in and ruined it, but i had to laugh she looked like a pile of bologna the way you had her pinned up on the wall 
i just yelled "run, its godzirra!" to an asian kid who looked confused by the tornado alarm test 
I was wrong being drunk doesn't make accounting more interesting 
This may sound mean but have u ever just sat in class and look at some of the the people and think how disappointed their parents must be 
sorry about last night, I don't know what happened but I woke up this morning and looked strikingly similar to courtney love, it had to be bad. 
insurance, jail, and birth control were made for people like us. 
You kept hiding marshmallows in the freezer saying "they would never think to look here" 
I convinced her last night that my actual nickname was "No Condom John" 
Dude stop singing. Your life is not an episode of fucking glee 
new call of duty comes out in november. guess im not passing my finals 
ugh, today is just one of those 'get high before your 8am class' days. 
we saw you sitting at the door of the dorm trashed, wrapped in DANGER tape with a stolen balloon around your wrist 
No it wasn't her, this girl had both hands. 
you need to know that there is a kid here wearing an i mosh for Jesus shirt 
How was I supposed to know she would get offended when I asked her how long it took to draw on her eyebrows. 
she then came into the room and yelled I'M GOING TO BE A COCK BLOCK for 5 minutes 
The line was so long at Kum n Go some guy opened & drank 2 beers from his 12 pack while waiting. 
i will never coherently bang her 
ugh. my soul tastes like vodka 
No, a stripper letting you buy her dinner is not the same as a girlfriend. 
just apologized to a random stranger while waiting in line for coffee. last night was that drunk 
I threw up so much beer last night that my puke had a nice head on it. 
on the list of things id be doing when i was almost 30, waiting for a girl to finish shitting the bed wasn't on there. 
As far as classy things to do in front of your ex go, throwing up on your own shirt is not one of them. 
You put your red cup in a chain link fence and kept telling me you could use it as a telescope 
I don't know what's more pathetic, the fact that you dated him or the fact that it took a Taylor Swift song for you to break up with him. 
she's just sitting in a corner ripping all of the filters off her menthols 
They should make Jack Daniels chap stick 
They threw me out of the bar because I was arguing business ethics with the owner of th bar 
Someone just asked me to go to the dining hall for dinner and he will use one of his swipes to pay for my meal. i think this is a college version of a date 
I have all these new brothers and sisters I'm just now finding out about 
I feel like i'm in the derek zoolander school for kids who can't read good. 
I just realized that I've become that person they make the alcohol warnings on medicine for. 
This martini tastes like the bartender stirred it with his foreskin. 
so while trying to be a healthier drunk i discovered that putting airborne in natty is not an advisable decision 
and she was petting her beer can 
You have problems? I'm 20 years old and i'm balding 
We were driving to yogurt express by state and these girls mooned is while they passed us and we saw full vag complete with tampon string dangling. 
He came on my face and tried to draw out a smiley face because he said I looked like I had a bad day 
Waaait I'm alsleep in myt car somewhere 
Oh no, it isn't official until she poops. 
Same, I didn't even get to be tarzan this summer 
I'm seeing double. Its like being in a room full of people 
I'll trade you a raw potato for some vodka 
Sorry I couldn't get my dick out 
Get dressed up for her? please, I could shit my pants and she would still blow me 
she just refered to her hymen as "the mrs" 
life is all about the fine print - all i wanted was a fucking pony. 
do you think my med school application would be worse off if "I like helping others and shit" slipped into an essay I emailed last night? 
just ask for directions from a guy with a penis drawn on his window 
It was weird to see you drinking wine out a glass instead of a red cup today 
Just because we had intercourse doesn't mean we're friends. 
Anything that's based on a blow job I'm in favor of. 
i live my life in a constant state of hangover. 
is there an easy way to say "i didnt plan on sleeping with you until i saw how drunk you were" ? 
i've lived in the woods for so long, as long as its post-op, i don't care. 
As gay men are we obligated to learn the Single Ladies dance. 
there's a lady drinking out of a red cup in class. HAPPY FRIDAY 
I just realized i masturbated to the home shopping network. I either need to get a boyfriend asap, or a subscription to a porn website, or i just need to stop taking ambien 
I realized courtney is my jiminy cricket but instead of preventing me from telling lies she prevents me from fucking strangers 
My brother and I both agreed that your boobs are fake. 
is it bad that i regret hanging out with a girl tonight because that means i have less time to sit on youtube watching xmen cartoons? 
if I see one grey pube I'm spitting his penis out! 
No one goes out in public like that, unless they do anal 
Sometimes I wish there were a little bird hiding that would periodically go, "creep-per." 
yeah he didnt know till after their one year. You have no idea how bad i wanna say "dude i sucked on those boobs before you" 
It is obvious to me now why clam chowder & beer aren't a good combo. 
so hey instead of everyone buying me a birthday present can everyone just pitch in for my abortion? 
My stomach is making the worst sounds, probably because there is nothing but semen in it. 
That Joe Wilson reference just earned you a blow job, Mister! 
and all i could think was, am i really about to have sex with someone who still thinks that pee comes out of the actual vagina? 
All I did today at work was try to remember in vivid detail what your cock looks like. 
Going to Kmart high is like jumping in a time machine back to the 80s 
Wearing a Sarah Lawrence sweatshirt is like wearing a shirt that says, "I'm getting a degree in substitute teaching." 
what about "I will fuck you for a jamba juice" do you not understand? 
Im watching hello kitty on qvc debating if its a good idea to cook bagel bites on my space heater 
My professor is talking about sperm and all I can think about is my mouth 
Do they fuck in the end of "Lady and the Tramp" or am i just wasting my time 
Your mom is more observant then Randy Newman. 
I just love slightly exposed cleavage. Not too much to be whory but just enough to say "your kids will never go hungry" 
Call me immediately, my only recent boy news involves me biting a dick. 
she smelled like a LAN party 
I am tired of kissing girls with mustaches. 
I hope that the reason I've been psycho on him is that I'm pregnant and not just psycho. 
do you remember putting condoms over both your hands and asking me if your fists would be too big. 
i think im having one of those erections lasting four or more hours 
Best feeling in the world? holding your pee all day for a negative preggo test 
why im i the only drunk person in the library? 
we should wear snuggies to the strip club 
I want you to know that after i type the word "your" vagina is next on my predictive tex 
you were carrying around a glass of vodka telling everyone it was Russian water 
omg i forgot michael madsen was in free willy this is the most epic movement of my stoned life 
just so you know, your brother isn't driving home wasted tonight. he is, instead, in my dorm shower screaming about rubbing his butt with my loofah; thought you would be proud 
It was like what a highfive between zeus and Jesus would sound like 
I just realized I haven't had steady access to a woman's body since I was breastfeeding. 
Planet Earth isn't gonna get stoned and watch itself. 
it only takes four glasses of wine for me to ride an elephant with a stranger. 
i havent had this much fun since the last time i farted and it created a boner. 
i just found out that washing ur bong in the dishwasher works. its been a productive day 
The look your mother gives you when she sees you masterbating on web cam is unlike any I've seen before, but this is a case where, I would say, ignorance is bliss. 
We may have a problem that even dr. phil cant solve 
Now would be a good time to set your alarm to pick me up from jail in the morning. 
I just creeped all your pictures on Facebook -- it was like I watched you grow up right before my eyes. 
its like the voldemort of pregnancies, we don't talk about it 
Is it because I queefed? 
so after he got his stomach pumped, he asked for a smoking room. 
Defrosting my mini wheats in the microwave was a bad choice 
is it mean to send ur x his condoms back because they are too small for ur new boyfriend? 
i woke up convinced that my room was backwards i tried to go into the closet to get outta my room 
so when she was in the shower, I took a pic of my dick with her phone and sent it to her brother saying, this just fucked your sister 
if I was a wizard from waverly place we wouldn't b having these problems 
i wish that i had sketchier friends so that it would be easier to get drugs 
i either just walked in on pete wacking off to webmd or he was checking his dick for herpes 
A chick at the bar last night took my black berry, looked at my Brick Breaker score and told me she couldnt take someone that has a lower score than her seriously. 
If there was an emoticon for a sad penis, i would send it to you 
oh btw spread eagle is not an appropriate phrase to use in a scientific presentation. learned that the hard way 
I'm taking child development now so if you get pregnant i can raise your child no worries 
From inside my college history class i see him waving his arms while holding a beer bong trying to get my attention 
Cops showed up at 4 am to address a noise complaint and she called them pussies for not doing shots with us. 
I feel like I am becoming dumber sitting here in class than I would be sitting on the couch smoking weed. 
so for future reference,at what point did you feel like a line had been crossed? 
i swear to god her finding her clit was like looking for a sock in a dryer full of beach towels 
how can i change my meal plan to a keystone plan? 
Oprah is sooooo fat. I can't even concentrate on Mackenzie Phillips talking about banging her dad 
they had a keg party to fund her abortion. 
I thought he was joking about bailing you out until I saw the picture of you and the sheep in the morning paper. Were those my boots you had on it 
is 1am too late, or too early to make bacon? 
I just saw a guy wearing a tuxedo shirt under his overalls. That is true iowa class right there 
I'm pretty sure there is a country song about this exact situation 
in hindsight, drinking 2 bottles of wine probably wasnt going to put me in an optimal position for a job interview 
You look just like Jennifer Aniston on food. 
his status popped up and said 'probably going to jail.' it took everything i had not to press the like button 
In hindsight maybe we should have moved his homework instead of playing quarters on top of it. 
He told me to fart on his lap because the vibrations turned him on 
I have been standing totally still for the past 6 minutes because I was convinced my foot was tied to the ground. It turns out it was a string of hair strewn across my foot 
it feels like my vag is blowing bubbles 
college drinking is stealing all my money, thank god planned parenthood is somewhat free 
Apparently on the way out of the ER i asked the nurse to doggie-bag me some more morphine. 
I'm drinking reisling in a paper cup by myself in the garage. 
I wish I loved anything like you love Tequila. 
he literally just asked me which v neck he should wear tomorrow. 
then she woke up from sleeping for an hour and the first thing she said was "i regret it already" 
I got "discovered a new religion high" last night 
We George Forman grilled some girls phone last night. 
i was watching some porn this morning and i realized i am blessed with a truly beautiful vagina 
Why do I feel like I used to feel when I almost got caught looking at porn when I get caught looking at facebook at work 
I took an adderall but just ended up meticulously arranging my farmville for hours 
IM NOT LETTING YOU PEE ON ME IF THATS WHAT YOURE GETTING AT. 
so i woke up in some guy's bed but then i realized i can atone for this tomorrow 
I just found a Chris Hansen soundboard online, care to guess what I'll be doing all day? 
Unless you watched your mom's very literal rendition of "I touch myself" while she was wearing a bikini, your vacation wasn't as bad as mine. 
After I tried for five minutes to hang my beer from the coat hanger in the bathroom , I have realized I am drunk 
I felt like a body pillow being humped by a twelve year old. 
She told me that she had to rub her face against me because she was part cat. 
Getting up at 8 this morning to drink could be the best and the worst idea we've ever had 
Bt dubs, I still have cuts on my arm from when you attacked me with a dildo on Saturday night. 
it wouldnt have been so bad but she still had the cowboy hat on when my mom walked in 
they just dont make restraining orders like they used to. 
i feel like i want to date him just so i could be besties with his penis 
Can someone please explain to me how I got rugburn on my tits? 
i ate 2 chicken nuggets and puked out 5. that doesn't even make mathematical sense 
we just toasted to your mouth on alex's balls at the bar 
whats wrong with me. i have a coffee mug of wine in the library and i'm doing homework 
TAKE DOWN THAT PHOTO OF ME IN THE NURSES COSTUME NOW. 
I just beer bonged a sparks. You better get your ass over here because no one is on my level yet 
I had another sleeping on concrete incident. 
Planned Parenthood should have gift certificates. 
Your dick is once again the conversation topic. 
Ah why did you tell everyone you dragged your sac across my face! 
i love that we sang a whole new world together while you carried me through campus 
Only you could turn Mozart into a stripper song. 
its like think what a normal person would think but completely the opposite. 
it was like eating out sand paper 
so i decided to listen to you and went ahead and slept with him. you owe me 3 minutes 
The project manager just came into talk to me for the first time and I had justed googled best drum solo ever and couldn't X out of the screen. 
i feel like when youre not in my profile picture no one knows who i am. 
Whenever I miss you I just turn on Tool Academy 
I hate it when hot girls behave. It's so anticlimactic 
is there anything more depressing than unpacking condoms from your suitcase that you thought you were going to use on vacation? 
he told me not be awkward when his girlfriend comes tomorrow. and then he made out with me 
I haven't been able to trust a girl since spanks came out 
You don't have to be emotionally available for a blow job. 
totally got the gold medal for the best fence jump when the cops came. 
how many princess gummy vitamins will it take to negate last nights drinking binge? 
I'm so hungover, I actually considered rolling down the stairs to avoid walking. 
I twisted my ankle last night doing a super high five with 3 inch heels on. 
Sam Adams makes it so easy to keep track of the seasons. 
a hangover this bad deserves a feeding tube 
you proceeded to suck on ur pinkie saying it reminded you of chris and you wanted him badly 
Four minutes until I can fart! 
And if you don't call me, I will embarrass you publicly with a can of spray cheez. 
It just feels so wrong throwing away the condoms into her Hello Kitty trashcan 
bitch so ugly she owes me an erection 
but i have a bet that her boyfriend is going to try and deflower her tonight so i better get a move on if i want to videotape it 
i was sitting in the back seat of her car with her boyfriend while she was driving. it was pretty awkward, but i dont think "so my dick's been in your girl's mouth too" was a good ice breaker 
Fyi mom and I voted and you're the DD tonight, congratulations 
i made the cop pinkie-promise not to arrest me if i failed the breathalizer. 
I was wasted and lost so I called the cops and asked for directions. It seemed logical at the time 
her orgasm sounded like a fucking walrus crying. 
i need a lesbian romance or unplanned pregnancy for some spicein my life. 
Omg. There's def a kid, like 10 years old, sitting in a buggy at wal mart holding a sign that reads "I can't behave" 
Dude if I didn't piss myself last night I dont think I would have woke up in time for work. 
I decided that not getting a job after college is gods way of telling me I will make a great housewife 
I never want a future conversation of ours to include the words "quart of semen" in it 
At any point in time, have you stopped and thought "I wonder how high Willie Nelson is right now? 
Pls stop me from telling anyone else my brokenblood-vessel + splint are "climax-related" injuries.   
i wonder if she gts uncomfortable walkin bu when she knows we all know what her pussy tastes like 
but really, i care about skinny girls as much as michael vick cares about rotweilers 
how do you wash the taste of whore out of your mouth? 
i lost my life and panties somewhere between the 15th and 16th round of slap the bag. 
I accidentally asked my mom for a blowjob because 'mom' and 'molly' are next to each other in my address book. 
Yes, I fucked her, no she wasn't that loose, yes she caused more drama than a 14 year old girl 
It felt like his penis had an endoskeleton. 
His dick was so small it sat perched on top of his balls like it was king of his scrotum. 
sometimes when i'm walking through campus i wonder how many of these people have seen me puke 
so I woke up this morning and on their fridge, the first item on the shopping list was my virginity. 
i don't think you understand, blowjobs are like flowers for guys. 
did you seriously just ask me if there is such thing as a sophisticated batman shirt? 
I am not speculating about which disney princesses do and do not have gag reflexes 
My vagina smells like strawberry tangerine twist. 
did the hipsters beat you up because you are more ironic than they are? 
I wish all the girls i wanted to sleep with knew how big my dick was then id have a better chance 
just jacked off in the bed i was conceived in. 
marching band practice is quite the interesting soundtrack to sex 
i've been called drunk 4 times today and it's only 3pm 
Well, I'm a guy so I don't have one, but if its anything like the inside of my nose, yes, vodka would burn. 
Is it weird that I miss finding cum in my bed? 
I was just about to go down on her when she gave herself a "smell check" and said "no, not today". 
i have this theory that all the people in the world who dont like mayonnaise had very bad encounter with jizz once 
The walk of shame isn't so shameful when you do it in a stolen, autographed Favre jersey. 
I jacked off with the cucumber and then made that fatass a salad. 
i got turned down by a girl after she saw how big my penis was and she said "thats not goin in me" 
definition of desperate: He gave me his SC drivers license so i wouldn't forget to facebook him. 
So my punishment should I ever fuck Evan again is Sam shaves off one of my eyebrows and I have to wear a shirt to one of his fraternity parties that says "this is what you get for fucking Evan L. " 
Anywhere you can eat green eggs and ham, you can have sex. 
I texted her sayin "I gotta brush my teethn then Im omw" maybe hint to do the same 
i just hate vaginas for liking penis's insside them 
maybe after you take off her top her face will be hotter 
I would pay so much money for a video of you fucking a sheep 
I sometimes forget that turkeys are alive even when its not Thanksgiving. 
I never said you were fat, just too fat for ME 
he was like "finding out that arrested development was cancelled" bad 
I'm gonna die fat and alone and all they will find is pizza crusts 
and when i screamed you came in my eye, i found out that everyone else in the room had only pretneded to be sleeping 
i am not allowed to pick the men i sleep with anymore 
I do regret it. But I can't unfuck her 
My poor mother should have just stuffed me back up her vagina when she had the chance. 
The karaoke bar doesnt have electric avenue. Ill just have to pick another song and sing the lyrics to electric avenue 
Sometimes when i'm at a cross roads in life, i think about what i would want my lifetime movie to show what i did 
At one point during the moaning he reminded me of Forrest Gump 
some girl that im facebook friends with has H1N1, im scared to even go to her facebook page 
grad school is all the worst parts of undergrad, without the binge drinking and bad decisions to make up for it 
I asked my mother if she peed on that chair, she said "not bad" There is no good level of pee on a chair. 
We have to go find her fucking car. She came home from a 80 dollar cab ride, no shoes, and all she remembers is its at a burger king on a street with an H in it 
I hope you fall in a pool of honey in an immensely populated region of bears. 
he wrote Vegans should suck on cow dick on her wall with permanent marker. thats how he got the black eye 
Is it wierd that I kind of wish I could hang out with Melissa Joan Hart? 
I feel that the whole multiple orgasm thing is god's way of saying "sorry for the childbirth deal" 
I gave him a blowie and after he said he wanted to send a giftbasket to the girl we met through. 
There is a mermaid on oprah and she looks nothin like ariel 
Just drove past a church with a sign near it that said, "God wants to be your daddy." 
In America we eat man semen. 
I was too high to figure out which of the three doors would lead me to my classroom, so i sat down in the middle of the hallway and ate a twinkie. 
Is your delayed response due to the massive amount of judging going on? 
what made you think it was a good idea to trust the girl that hides tequila in her backpack? 
Oh and discovery of the day is it's the channel, not the time on your cable box. Thought it was 2:16 for 4 hours 
My cousin's wedding had personal beer funnels for each table and a drinking game against the bride and groom. im sorry for ever calling you white trash 
i wish my apartment had room service that i didn't have to pay for. 
This concert is like a reunion of all my bad sex. 
And then he said "I can't get blown while Gordon Bombay and Mr. Holland stare at me from the TV" 
a girl in my class is on a twilight fan site and running her fingers on the screen as edwards body comes up. 
you never know when you'll meet the man of your dreams and bang him in an elevator 
she said it was okay because they were "professional" nude pictures of her on the internet 
I just got three quarters of the way there before I realized I was way too stoned for class so I bought a smoothie and walked home. 
i just won an entire level on word mole with the word 'clitoris' 
I put it into a sports analogy for him: there are three teams in the league- friends, fuck buddies, and dating, and the fuck buddies roster is full, pick an alternate team 
Hopefully the semester will be over before she has a breakout. Then I can just avoid the situation entirely 
i never realize how drunk i am until i start using people as human stripper poles 
I just found glass in my funny face pancakes, there's nothing funny about that. 
if i died would you start the facebook group? 
so I woke up and found tortilla in my belly button 
the best days in LIFE are when you realize you arent pregnant 
guys are only as good as the porn they watch 
How much cunt could a cunt bag punch if a cunt bag could punch cunt? 
zippers are such a cool invention 
I've walk of shamed through this apartment complex so many times, I think people think I live here. 
you took a scissor and started screaming "I WANNA KNOW WHAT ITS LIKE TO BE BALD" 
I wish everyone walked around campus with a video of what they did this weekend above their heads. 
Drank beer out of a hotwheels bucket all night 
Do you realize that we tried to rent a limo at 5am to come and take us to waffle house? 
we need blinds so i can safely watch porn during the day 
I hope you shit your pants in a socially devastating situation. 
is it bad that the only reason i knew what antidote meant in class today, was from years of playing pokemon? 
everyone knows that carl winslow was the sexiest man in die hard. 
my roomate judo was messing around with a girl who recently had a kid, when he was sucking her tits milk came out lmao 
I just realized that all of my cardio comes from dancing on tables. 
six shots in, he is hammered and doing stretches before each shot 
Call me at 7:30 and make sure I'm not asleep in this booth at Waffle House. 
"romantic friends" sounds more classy then friends with benfits 
you have to choose: penises or morals? 
is not sure whether or not everyone at the club last night calling me a-easy is a good thing? 
The only good thing about ohio is that i can get 2 half gallons of soco for 40 bucks 
i just made my mom cry by blowing spit bubbles. 
I wish they had a home preganacy test, but for STDs 
Why do I always have sex on the first date when I know it demotes me to booty call girl? 
he shattered multiple jars of jelly against his roommates doors last night. this morning the asian one wouldn't even talk to him because he thought he was gonna get beaten up 
I want you more than these girls want KFC 
FYI: Do not ever call any girl a thundercunt as a form of dirty talk. 
Lets get really high and only speak Spanish to each other again tonight 
I think he was having a seizure but nobody knew because 'what is love' was playing 
There are thorn wounds on my balls, don't ever question my dedication to party again 
i pretty much saved your life. you were so conviced that your nail polish remover bottle was "Vodka Lemon" 
Redeem this text for a blowjob 
My gift to the freshman: I made an illegal stop, rolled out and dropped to my hands and knees and puked in front of the south campus dorms and about 20 families. Welcome to OSU 
So you really shouldn't go around telling people you're fireproof 
its like they have never seen someone walk through campus with a plunger 
No offense but you kinda look like a Jack Johnson fan in that pic 
i just threw up in a potted plant at home depot 
I can't belive they dont sell booze Sunday mornings. I mean some of us have to work 
Then my mouth guard fell out of the hole, so that's how the dog poop got in my mouth. 
No, drunk sperm still make babies. 
No matter how fun it seemed the night before you will always regret taking those pictures, you will always regret eating as much as you did, but you will never regret the great lengths you had to got to get those bruises. 
I like waking up with a slight hangover cause I'm dehydrated and it makes me feel thinner. 
Maryland truck stops are full of people with killer mustaches 
Too much gin, very little bucket 
I woke up this morning and the first thing i saw was the harry potter tattoo on his left butt cheek. 
Lesson 1: you can't keep macking on a girl if you get handcuffed 
if it were possible I'd exchange my vagina for a diff one on the black market. 
there is cereal in my wallet where all the cash used to be. 
someone, somewhere in austin has to have a muppet 
i just looked at my contacts and realized i saved the pizza hut girl's number as "fckucin pizza" the other night. 
lets start a swedish sibling band together 
I want to leave work and go home and eat Five Guys and masturbate 
Why does everyone think all I do is drink? I go to class on wednesdays 
I hate myself for knowing the words to party in the USA. 
A friday without alcohol is hardly a friday at all 
bitch asked me if i cared if she kept her snuggie on while we had sex 
your ex dropped by. you can call me dwight howard, cuz im the king of rebounds 
Her hair smelled like a rat dipped in mustard on fire 
i was hoping the water fountain would somehow shoot out vodka this morning 
went to the bathroom to piss, saw puke in the toilet thought wtf i dont remember puking, then turned around to find a chick i've never seen before passed out in my shower. 
Picking up third year law school girls is like MILF hunting for beginners 
i really did not know you could catch crabs from a sofa until now 
Molly wanted me to tell you, "she hasnt shit on the floor in a while" like she thinks its an accomplishment. 
You know you're wathing too much reality TV when you start adding commentary to every day life. 
Spaghetti and Car Bombs, good idea or what will end up on the bar in a few minutes? 
love makes seman taste better 
I'm still with the girl from last night. remember to call me conrad and that i work for PETA 
I just came to the conclusion that the most depressing part of my day is when I have to put clothes on. 
so I have this game called 14 beers left. and we both have to drink 7 before we leave 
I think you're the first person to ever call Louisville, KY a "romantic getaway". 
went out last night and woke up on the bathroom floor again, thinking about just moving my bed in there. 
Seriously though, we're going to drink and watch Survivor first one to puke gets voted off the island 
yeh she's definitely getting a ham and plan b omelette in the morning 
you are the weird ass hat to my lady gaga 
So I'm driving and this guy next to me at the stop light is reving his engine and honking at me. Motherfucker thinks that's because I'm asian and drive a honda I'm automatically going to race him 
Not only did a random toaster end up in my house last night, it's also full of skittles. 
after a month anything with tits is on the radar 
For the whole 7 seconds I lasted, I was in heaven. 
you could tell him that chauvinism doesn't go very well with his gay homemade tank top 
Ive either hit rock bottom or become my own hero. 
you tried to scramble eggs in my dryer last night. i want you here in 15 minutes to clean this shit up 
literally followed a trail of condoms to the bus stop this morning. Ahh modern-day bread crumbs 
I'm going to community service drunk, and I'm still going to be the most normal person there. 
just watched an entire episode so you think you can dance for head. so wasn't worth it 
i literally laid in bad for an hour last night thinking of what i'm going to name my cats when i become a cat lady. 
If your still trying to figure out the moment I stopped caring; it was the point in which you said "I really wasn't sure whose baby it was" 
I drank so much Goldschlger last night, I could shit a necklace. 
how lazy do you have to be to be a fat vegetarian? 
i wish you could fill a pinata with booze 
Exactly how deep of a burn should you have when you pee before becoming legitimately concerned? 
and this is why i am such an inspirational person, i am the Joel Osteen of alcoholics. 
i wanted to go smoke pot, so i told my mom i was getting tutored. she asked what time i would be back, i told her learning doesn't have a curfew 
I wish my mouth had a period so that could be my excuse on those days I don't feel like giving head 
I have decided that a Nickelback cover band would be the pinnacle of loserdom. 
would it be rude to tell a homeless man that he should sell the lebron jersey and brand new nikes he's wearing if he's really that hungry 
There is no point in being painfully greyhound thin if you are then going to dress like it's raining in 1992. 
He slapped my ass and hummed the jello theme song, which was followed by an overly loud "IT'S ALIVE!" 
It's a pity Stephen Hawking can't do sarcasm. 
like if they didnt have tits and vagina, they have no idea how uninteresting to us they would be 
So apparently vaginal secretions are not covered under water damage insurance for my cell phone 
The smartest thing I've heard Obama do is call Kayne West a jackass 
I don't know which is worse: knowing all the free porn websites, or knowing which days they update their free porn. 
I feel like I got hit by a truck made out of Jack Daniels. 
I hate to tell you this, but your sister reeks of whore. 
anyone who buys me chipotle gets an automatic hj 
i just sent this text using only my big toe 
rainy day on campus = new personal fetish for girls in booty shorts and colorful rain boots 
why do guys feel they can ask questions when im blowing them? you'd think they'd know my answer will always be "mmhmhmhmmm" 
I don't remember her name, but I do remember yelling at her from the balcony of the hotel room during her walk of shame. 
its not facebook stalking, its market reasearch 
see you put your penis in her and it's like an ignition key to start the crazy 
I want to poop on a bird, just to show them what it's like. 
If its called oral, why is it so hard to talk? 
I feel like dying is the new "adopt an african baby" 
so looking at the guys i've dated i feel my vag is a halfway house 
i find it depressing how it takes me longer to find a good video compared to the actual jacking off process. 
He is drunkenly eating my teddy grahms and making little growling noises as he bites the head off of each one. 
If you die in college, do you die in real life? 
Apparently oprah and I were in competition to see who's ass could get bigger this summer 
I feel like a bad episode of csi trying to figure everyone's DNA that's in me 
The problem is he wears abercrombie jeans like there's nothing wrong with it 
I wish i could go to google and type in drug dealers and it would bring up a number, a product and direction 
You just kept yelling "SATAN!" at me every time I walked by 
you ever fart during an orgasm? feels like u just lost 10 pounds 
I am sleeping on the floor in your room so if you have sex in here just don't roll on me 
And people are going to start dressing like that in public, it's just ridiculous, the goths and now the GAGAs 
Kanye's agent is the only person whose job sucks worse than mine. 
I would rather wake up to a truck driver than wake up to her 
the chair was smiling at me in sociology and i had to try not to burst out laughing. 
His pubic hair was longer than his dick 
Every morning i wake up and check his twitter like a horoscope 
You should have seen the look on the cashiers face when I was buying steel reserve with a suit on. 
just walked into the room and her sister said loudly, "do him, or I will." 
Why do you proceed to call me "Queen La Queefah?" 
im pretty sure i just dented her unborn child. 
so stoned i ashed in my jack and coke like 4 times. drinking it anyway 
she said it was ok for her to take her top off in the hot tub but she didn't take off her bottoms because that would be slutty 
even in my darkest moments, having another person eat my jizz would make me smile 
Lady GaGa only went backwards in convincing me she's not a man at the VMAs. 
If your 8 lb baby was ham it would serve 6-8 people 
That's why Kanye is a gay fish. 
It's a beautiful day for a hangover 
Guy at red light looking at porn. I'm waiting for him to look over at me so I can shake my head and he can feel bad 
He had one of those small greek statue penises 
I had a dream once that juice was flowing out of my kitchen faucet 
he just kept going up to random asian girls and yelling at them for breaking up the beatles 
It was as awful as eating cow testicles on fear factor and not winning and realizing you ate balls for nothing. 
high people should be assigned attendants 
What wine goes with Cap'n Crunch? 
i scrubbed and i scrubbed and i scrubbed and i still was a whore 
i think i will get a tattoo on my butt that says "im not bluffin with my muffin", but i guess if i was serious, i would get it above my c-section scar 
i just woke up naked on my porch, holding the neighbors cat in my arms. 
Just saw a Mexican guy pushing a stroller with 3 twelve packs of corona in it with a toddler struggling to keep up on foot behind him 
my FASA form asked what i spent the majority of my 08 earnings on, im tempted to put "booze, blow, & blunts" 
If we keep treating our bodies like amusement parks we have another 10 years left at best. 
I looked up to you, until I saw her walk out of your room. 
she just stood in the kitchen yelling "REAL WOMEN HAVE CURVES" 
the people of mcdonalds are all starring at me & this dude like they know we just slept together 
New thing to add to the list of never wanted to talk about with my grandma: sweating in ur crouch and vag area 
you kept trying to convince me i had aids because my head hurt 
I just had someone call me out on a walk of shame via megaphone 
I just googled the nutrition facts for a mcgriddle and yet I still want to go to mcdonalds 
naighbors jacking off again. i swear its his friday night ritual, its like he knows the night wont be ending in his favor 
the cashier at riteaid just made the sign of the cross before he rang up my pregnancy test. now i know god is on my side 
somehow you got everyone naked by playing strip rock paper scissors. 
I bet her clit looks like pig in a blanket. 
i keep walking around campus wondering if anyone is as stoned as i am 
would you kill someone to have someone deliver pancakes to you when you were high? 
He told me he had herpes after I put his hotdog in my mouth 
i cant even explain all the reasons why i dont want to fuck you right now. 
she was talking to me but i could help but stare at the extremely long hairs on her boobs. then she says, "your looking at the hair on my boobs aren't you" 
do you think he would believe thats it not really my period, and that i ate a lot of licorice? 
Why is there a living, breathing cow on your front porch? 
got them to do a wheelbarrow of shame down the sidewalk after the threesome. I rule 
I like to use the word "seasoned" over "slutty", you know, like a good curly fry 
I can't lisssten to Lou Holtzsss ssspeak anymore 
the doormen always congratulate him in spanish as he walks me downstairs in the morning 
This is why I'm not putting my name in lights over your bed. 
Whyyyyy do my fingers smell like Chinese food. 
State Street has never looked so beautiful than during my walk of shame. 
you said the mailboxes were turning into babies and they started crawling away. then you cried and asked me how you were gonna get your college acceptance letters 
Be careful down there, Shane may have pooped on the carpet. 
I tried making the sex a little better this time so right before I blew I yelled "ready or not here I come!" 
so last night my mother drunkenly told me that maybe the reason why I want to be a vet was because I was conceived doggy style. 
after we finished he farted and said 'i've been holding that one in' 
its like my vagina has this homing beacon out to all the guys saying "come find me, i havent been shaved in weeks" 
My T9 Word has dryhumped saved but I can't even get it to figure out bbq. 
my roommate just said, "don't look at it, just put it iin your mouth" 
hey dude i know youre in the next room but me and your sister need a condom, got any i could borrow? 
Finally jerked of with a banana peel. 
Did you ever notice the eye of Sauron looks like Lindsay Lohan's vagina? 
I need to take "lollipop" off of every single one of my playlists cause it makes me wanna suck dick. 
im a genious. moved my bed and mirror so i can watch the game while Fucking 
they could make at least 3 episode of "i shouldn't be alive" out of my weekend 
I've spent too much of my life staring at my bberry and counting to 5 to see if it blinks 
I just found 22 drunken videos and 4 naked pictures on my phone. We'll start the bidding at $5 
So after your 27th or so beer, you gave me songs you want to have used if you're ever on intervention. 
pretty sure i remember announcing that i lost my virginity to that brad paisley song when it came on during power hour? 
it felt like I walked into a Tool Academy challenge 
Obama just said the words "we're all in this together." I wanted to start singing high school musical 
oral is when you put your mouth on someones privates and play moterboat or popsicle 
he told me my vagina needed a tic tac 
So she said she wears a diaper when she's on her period and I'm not going to lie, I kind of want to see the diaper. 
He threw up over the balcony and blamed it on an invisible garden gnome. 
is it wrong that i plan on stealing a few pipecleaners from my preschool classroom to clean my bowl? 
Just barfed in my hand. Needless to say, this day is off to a great start 
i bet even starving children in Africa take the crust off their poptarts 
Thanks for stranding me with th douchebag award recipients 
Have you not heard of Jennifer's supreme lust for William Shatner? She wants to eat Taco Bell off of his love handles 
i really wish my pants would only unzip when im sober 
maybe tonight we can turn coloring into a drinking game 
New drinking game watching teenage mutant ninja turtles movie and drinking every time raphael says damn, someone says april or ms oneil, and shredder appears And every time we see a mustache 
You were running around the house covered in syrup, with shredded down pillow feathers on your body screaming "AFLACK!" at everyone 
i think the sales of Rosetta Stone are directly related to the size of that woman's tit's 
dude my little brother busts into my room last night and yells did you know that grandma is hiding scrambled eggs between her legs 
but instead of smelling like hand cream and homemade cookies, she smells like a yeast infection. 
Its a sad when the highlight of your day is flicking a booger and actually getting it to stick to your computer monitor. 
Every night before bed, when I used to say prayers, now I just think to myself 'freshman sluts. Soon' 
I have a new reason to go to work: I can tell which 3 of my coworkers are sisters just by looking at their butts. 
we'll hang out once this whole, "your friends are robbers and drug addicts" thing blows over with my parents. 
you think it's bad that I have four different guys toothbrushes in my bathroom? 
Threesomes are so awesome. You even have company on your walk of shame :) 
i feel like even strangers are annoyed with me because of how drunk i was last night 
I wish there was a Glade Plug-in for vaginas 
Then you got really excited when I upgraded you from puke bowl to puke bucket. 
I sharted during my first quiz and I couldn't leave, I went ahead and took the rest of the day off. 
Remember when we were trying to guess how many people could fit in my shower? The answer is 7 
even my worst enemy doesn't deserve a bush like that 
I don't know whether I should be pissed that there's glitter in my bed or proud that there's semen in there too. 
she called my cock the "semen sword" and then we invented a position called excalibur 
I wish there was a facebook app that filtered my notifications to show only the ones having to do with people who'll fuck me. 
Instead of a promise ring i got my clit peirced, its a promise that ill always give you ass! =] 
The paper boy just woke me up in the front yard again. 
I am one bad relationship away from having 30 cats. 
i'd fuck the guy who invented dead baby jokes. 
I think I deserve the nobel peace prize for discovering that one should smoke before drinking instead of drinking before smoking. 
You told me you were pretty sure you were god because you knew everything about everyone. 
I'll hook up with guys I don't even like, as long as they leave early enough the next day. 
I just made this asian woman on the boardwalk that was giving 20 dollar massages upset after I asked her if a happy ending comes with it. 
so my mom told me to suck on something if I have to cough. so I guess blow jobs are ok 
His internet searches, listed chronologically: sex slave, volunteer sex slave, lava 
Baconater + red wine = first meal of the day 
Take one last look at my face, because I'm drinking it off tonight. 
I feel like i'm in "To Catch a Predator - The Musical" 
This girls a $30 bar tab from being bi 
no one will drink with you if you continue to listen to beyonce 
I wonder why dictionaries dont have indexes to help find the words easier. 
so then you were screaming "GIVE ME KELVINS!" and heating things up in the microwave and no one knew what you wanted 
the women in the ladies room did not appreciate my innovation of turning a sink into a urinal 
Taljing aboutpenisrs w gerruly ska pops 
The bartender told me the best pick-up line was to look deep into her eyes and tell her your gonna flick her vagina 
The highlight of my Saturday night was singing along to the sound of music alone in my room. 
Do you remember peeing on the wall and then yelling at us to stop looking at your dick? 
The walk of shame is far, far worse on crutches. 
Every good night starts with white castle burgers and shots in the parking lot. 
See it, we're so close, i smell your vagisil 
Grab the Coors Light. Its time to get NASCAR drunk 
I can mark tailgating, going to the game and getting road head off my to do list today 
was stoked on phone sex until he started reciting lines from star wars 
you turned on the Care Bears movie at 5am and kept screaming "I CARE" 
his internet history is a lot of porn, how to make a hovercraft and side-effects of jacking off too much 
Those 2 guys from the sonic commercial will be virgins for life. 
i saw the 3rd guy i ever had sex with last night and kept calling him #3 
i cant be the least bit upset about his new gf cause all i think is that she has to put things in his ass 
I just woke up on my kitchen floor using a yellow pages as a pillow and surrounded by plants that used to be in the garden around my apt building, can't wait to see the security tapes for my eviction 
the toilet has never flushed louder then when you sneak home drunk and try to avoid your parents hearing you puke. 
It's really awkward to greet the pastor when I know I've licked chocolate syrup off his daughter's chest. 
i want to give my vagina back to god and say no thank you 
Why would you say my penis is small in front of so many people? 
he just flicked a booger into my mouth and shouted "goaaaal!" 
Her little brother was home, so we had to hook up while playing hide and seek with him 
If my boyfriend wants to eat his own jizz after masturbating, what does that make him? 
I vaguely remember telling people they were not trash cans 
I realized that I earned the name Classy cassie as i was throwing up vodka slushie in my bed with a guy I know by the name extacy boy 
just woke up in the beanbag bin at walmart 
pedialite and red bull = repair kit 
why do all the strippers look like they came from fraggle rock 
I look like a sausage in jean shorts, you should have woken up earlier and approved my outfit. 
I just watched the quarterback of Purdue get shut down by a girl at a bar. not a good omen 
I swear my cock just shook it's head disapprovingly at me. 
don't tell her this, but while we were doing it doggy style I picked up my phone and changed my status to "who let the dogs out" 
At least with the last gf I made it clear that I wanted to breakup when I pissed on her floor @ 3am as her roommate watched in contempt 
you were convinced that if all her tampons were gone her period would stop, so you started eating them. 
the best part about being a teacher is there are always 20 little kids around me to blame my farts on 
nobody understood you. You kept speaking french and hiding shit in your boobs 
pretty sure I just motor boated my professor at the drag show 
And secondly i just said i'd pay ten dollars to have sex with you 
and that's when the elephants and penises started dancing on the ceiling 
apparently it's not kosher to shit in a litter box when there's a line for the bathroom 
I just pulled the condom that i lost on tues out of me at work ewwww! 
next person that tells me Facebook is a professional tool is getting kicked in the teeth. 
she really just asked how mermaids reproduce. 
It was all fun and games until Tim shit on the end table 
I sent him a picture of my touching myself. He responded back "Your nails look really nice" 
Its like we are women, and boise state is a gangster rap song. This game is degrading 
I'm going to get a baby outfit made and send it to her that says: "My husband fucked his subordinate and all I got was another baby". 
theres no cameras in the kitchen right? cause i dont wana get fired for peeing in the kitchen in a cup 
i'm lost and i look like a hooker 
I keep trying to sit and the chair keeps running away from me 
she was sure she was an eel. She spent 40 minutes sliterhing on the floor to get to her room 
my mouth smells like i just ate out a crab. 
I went for the touchdown every play, and I think I ended up with herpes. 
70 feet underwater and I sharted my wetsuit, Tide pen won't clean this up. 
i felt like the dude nobody likes from the mikes hard lemonade commercial 
i was blowing him and "what if god was one of us" came on his playlist. I had to leave 
Flying to Orlando on the 7th is cheaper than the 8th by like three margaritas. 
I googled "I hate my uterus" just to make sure I wasn't the only one. 
At least you're going to bed with all the teeth you woke up with 
Does it count as a shower if I just sat in the tub singing I'm a Little Teapot? 
I just farted in the dogs face to show him who's boss 
I didn't realize how hung over I was until I rolled over and the world rolled over with me. 
so last night after we hooked up i got my period and woke up this morning with a blood stain on his bed and not only was it huge but i had put my jeans back on before bed so i took the walk of shame with period stained pants 
She invited me to an Eagles game, I mean that is almost better then if she told me she could only function with large amounts of semen in her system at all times. 
I never Thought the day id see a chick shove a 2liter up her vag. that happened last night 
i think i want to fuck a midget just to see how difficult it would be 
There really should be an "avoid ghetto" option on my GPS. 
He has jerked off in so many socks I am surprised he doesn't have athletes dick 
so basically i'm the" little sister", he's the "big brother" and we just fucked 
a chick just tried to cover her fart by sneezing. it didn't work 
After she threw up on my floor she started singing "this is why I'm hot." 
I am currently prioritizing my hw by splitting into things i can and things i cant do drunk. Oh college 
It's always a relief to be able to look at some one, and remind yourself that there IS some one who gets laid less then yourself. 
I love my grandma, but if I have to sit and watch one more show on Bravo, I'm gonna burn her fuckin house to the ground 
I told him that he is like a snow storm I never know when he is coming, how many inches I will get, or how long it will last 
Masterbating to gospel music is like god cheering on your orgasm 
I'm too hungover for some lady to talk to me about potatoes 
my sex list reads like a who's who of mcdonald's general managers 
how am i supposed to spank it to a shakira video when she looks like she is doing the robot? 
We may or may not have a drunk cat on our hands. 
my math professor just wrote "parallel" on the board, but spelled it "pararrel". guess what country he's from 
i'm wearing my white shorts to coax my period out of hiding. 
No, we ended up finding him drunk at a bus stop downtown sitting on the bench asking people for chocolates and amazing stories to "rid his mind of his whore of a girlfriend" 
we made margaritas with slurpies from 7-11 and beer. 
Holy fuck. She looks like Vin Diesel's stuntman 
If God had a period, it would result in diet faygo redpop 
I called him Han Solo during sex, he looked at me like he was mortified then I realized he came. 
hey i know this is weird but does alcohol affect pregnancy tests? 
we have officially mastered the walk of shame 
Random question, how's your gag reflex these days 
so how much must it suck for him to know that the penis of his best man has been in his wife's mouth before? 
My Vagina smells like Nemo again. 
making cat noises will not fix the situation. 
well, atleast the road to alcoholism is fun. 
What drug did you take that made the cabinets scream at you? 
I apparently took a 45 minute shower, and became best friends with his mom. 
If someone cant be won over with guacomole and tequila they are not worth your time. 
She was so bad on top that i found myself watching a TV that wasn't even turned on 
just got out of a noise viloation because the cop recognized my roomate as his favorite chipotle burrito roller. just another reason I love ritos 
I was so hungover I threw up on her when she answered the door. i don't think it was a good first impression 
oh there is nothing like the 1st beerbong of the school year 
I'm sitting at the bar eating dinner next to a nerd, a guy in a 10 gallon hat, and a policeman. I feel like I joined The Village People 
he came faster then a bring it on movie goes to dvd 
Standing here next to my mom talking to my friend trying to act like he doesn't sell me E every weekend. 
things that need to be invented #43: vodka that also acts as birth control. 
Michelle Duggar likes to fuuuuck 
So stoned I forgot I was masturbating and went to go get a cookie. 
ugly people sure do ruin things 
do you think there was ever a doctor who smelled his finger after giving a prostate exam? 
I woke up with my 26er down my pants and a peice of paper stuck to my forehead with gum that said "tell it to the greek goddess beside me" 
Its already bleeding so dont be alarmed after you bite it 
I hate when laundry day is determined by the number of cum stains on my bed 
so the sex was amazing up until the point where she said "wow, you're even better than your dad!" 
Random 1st period thought: do you think she could put "had a threesome" on her resume? 
I could be a Disney star with the amount of nude photos of mine that get leaked. 
checking your phone to see who you drunk dialed last night isnt as funny when you see you had a 17 minute call to your dad. 
if my vagina gave out awards, he should be preparing acceptance speaches for the oscar, the heisman and the nobel peace prize. 
nobody is as good of a wingman as me. i make whoever im with look like mark wahlberg during his underwear model phase 
Which one of you FUCKERS filled the toilet with soil and planted my mothers daisys in it? NOT FUCKING HAPPY 
all thats left of you is your magnum wrapper on my dresser 
ur penis kinda felt like a vagina to me 
One of my residents in my hall just found my positive pregnancy test from last year I hid behind the fridge, I'm just going to tell them it was for a science project. 
I wish life had little blips of pornography 
YOURE GIVING A BLOW JOB TO THE BOY WHO SAYS "OH SNAP" 
Katie Perry lied, you can't just wake up and shake the glitter off your clothes. 
fuck. did you have to draw it on me with a permanent marker 
I wonder if there will ever be a day where I don't find lisps really really hilarious. 
you kept calling numbers in ur phone book and saying, "I love your show, I'm a long time listener, first time caller." 
do you have any idea why i woke up naked spooning my toaster? 
Not only do prius' look terrible they are terrible to have sex in 
I wasn't excited about it either, but if I was going to have her take a load on her face, role playing as some french dude is the least I could do 
how do you tell a roommate that having sex on your bottom bunk is not appropriate even if she has a top bunk that's hard to climb to? 
Hey was my sperm eye the same day I crapped myself? 
When I meet a new girl, I'm terrified of mentioning something she hasn't already told me but that I have learned from some light internet stalking. 
every time I worry about a career mistake, I remember Michelle Pfeiffer did Grease 2. 
I don't know where your sunglasses are, I was too preoccupied with girls not old enough to drive past midnight. 
i feel like i'm a professional at blowjobs i can deep throat an entire spatula 
Instead of having sex, we spent the entire night making pillow forts and have sword fights. I think I'm in love 
I hope i woe up in your car, or else i stole someone elses and slept in the back seat 
Im not sure if he just tripped or was star gazing, but i gave him head anyway. 
he just stuck his car key in my belly button, made car starting noises and pretended like i was revving my engine? 
I unwillingly was the ball between four hungry hippos last night. I thought the one chick was actually going to eat me 
Don't interrupt me, I have a limited time to be high and thus be remarkably good at Pac Man 
you kept eating the heads off the gummy bears and screaming 'euthanized!' 
it's business casual sex. like no kissing, shake hands after, occasional frequency 
really keith? you showed me your dick and your not gonna text me back 
do you think they ever dumped Gatorade over Michael Vick's head after his dog won? 
True story: Just left my solo cup on a cop car. Yesss 
Mat is currently running around his basement "trying to catch oxygen in his mouth." 
there was a trapeze. enough said 
Why the fuck was there a shirtless Mexican in my apartment this morning? 
i fell asleep on him beating off on webcam last night, i'm such a great boyfriend. 
there was a guy here who managed to get his head stuck in a fishbowl. no, I don't fuckin know how 
9 beers later and she still looks like Gary Busey. 
they ran out of cups so I just drank out of a cowbell. 
I asked him where the store BJ's was and he unzipped his pants. 
We are like the golden girls with less cheesecake and more drugs. 
Psycho is an understatement. U were running around the house screaming IM UNDER THE IMPERIOUS CURSE 
You realize if you die tommorow, the last memory i'll ever have of you is your ballsack on skype 
my goal in life is to wake up with my underwear on 
I just put anything in between my legs and hope for the best. 
She's the rare girl who loses weight and gets uglier. 
Just fyi NOT a good idea to drunkenly insert your NuvaRing after chopping jalepeno peppers 
can you please tell me why I'm bleeding so heavily from my ass and all my makeup is gone? 
clearly I should have checked to see if he was an NRA member before I went back to his house and woke up in Heston's haven. 
dude i dnt kno how, but i think theres a tampon in my butt 
i think guys who wear condoms are gentleman. 
i wonder what thom yorke's orgasms sound like 
When she sits down, she uses her fat rolls like an arm rest. 
i hate that you can chart my weight gain through my facebook pictures. 
What started out as Cougar hunting turned into whaling 
Having an 'SDSU Mom' sticker is just like say 'Hi, my daughter has an std" 
I have two girls sleeping in my bed naked and I ended up making it to class, what were you saying about staying in on the weekdays? 
As a driver I hate pedestrians, and as a pedestrian I hate drivers, but no matter what the mode of transportation, I always hate cyclists. 
she takes plan B like it's going out of style 
honestly if we didnt hate the same people we would have a friendship based on nothing 
my phone is just a graveyard for last nights mistakes. at least it's giving me hints as to where i was though, i'm like carmen sandiego 
It's like having an annoying little brother who wants to have sex with you 
He looks like Spencer from the game Dreamphone 
What I'm saying is Afghanistan is America's sexually contracted disease. 
all we ever talk about is how much i like your dick or my drug problem. 
I think you came in my ear last night and I had to pick it out infront of my kids in class today 
I think I know how big ted kennedy's penis is. 
she needs to learn to take compliments like she takes dicks. 
I wish they had a smiley of two girls making out 
genius idea. im gonna paint my penis green like the serpent of sex 
so he tried to quietly tell me my Tampon String was hanging out in front of his family but i didn't hear him so he yelled it 
If relationships were based on ego stroking and meaningless sex, we'd be soulmates 
I'm so fucking pissed that I wasted my shooting star wish on him and his little penis. 
Don't get me started, it sucks when the one thing you have in common with a girl is not wanting penis inside you. 
you're the one who masterbates every night to the titanic soundtrack 
He played with my vagina like it was a turntable 
You were partners with her mom and you began calling her "the Robert Horry of beer pong" You also kept telling her that she was hotter than her daughter. 
I swear that men would be more efficient if they had a semen gauge on their penises 
yea and when she crawled to her room she yelled at a bookbag to "get the fuck out my way" 
I wonder what it would be like to masturbate in space 
I'm pretty sure the only race ive ever won was to my mothers egg 
You called information & said "connect me to johnny depp" when they told u it wasn't listed u said " try depp comma johnny he's expecting my call" 
Everyone needs a good pregnancy scare in their life. 
best part he said "i like your tattoo" as he walked into the room, stood right there looking at me, naked on top of his friend 
I basing my decision on whether or not to date someone on whether I could imagine having sex with them sober 
you know you've been in a long relationship when u start retiring sex toys 
im pretty sure vibrators are the best invention since dinosaur chicken nuggets 
i just unintentionally masturbated to my own facebook picture 
She made fun of how I walked so I announced to her boyfriend that I have cum on her face before. 
Apparently I signed "I love you" on my bar tab last night. 
Karaoke makes my soul die one wretched song at a time 
i wish my penis had a tongue 
When I'm drunk and can't pee, I sing my abc's in my head and try to pee before I get to pee. Last night I forgot to do it in my head 
when I forget a girls name in bed I ask her her middle name then tell her i'm gonna call her that from now on 
capt morgan doesn't hurt if you honestly believe it's golden flavored kool-aid. 
god, a vagina is an amazing trump card 
Just saw an Asian guy riding his razor scooter to class. Dreams do come true 
I just threw up, I'm either bulemic or pregnant, and I'm now accepting bets on which it is 
You are not answering and I think it is because you spent 80 dollars worth of drinks on you hot cousin. 
He said he used to draw on the walls with poop when he was a kid. 
he was lying next to me and i saw him text "score" to someone. 
TBS has betrayed me by telling me tyler perry is funny 
how do u look a man in the eye when u own both his daughters V-Cards? 
suntimes in life you find a rare opportunity, mine was bonin my gf in front of the tv 
It was like if Side-show Bob had a vagina for a mouth 
What can i say im a girl who smells like weiners. 
Is it a bad that I spent my 5 year anniversary with my husband texting my ex boyfriend? 
my math teacher staples burger king applications to failed tests 
you're like the Neil Armstrong of terrible hookups, you are a pioneer 
yeah seriously, fuck school. I'm changing my master's thesis question from "what are the neuropsychological correlates of antisocial personality" to "will my cat drink this beer" 
I promise you 4 toothbrushes taped together and lube does not do the trick 
i hope chris hansen doesn't have a boat 
I made myself breakfast and everything and then whoever's house it actually was came downstairs very upset. 
Have u ever been so drunk that pissing urself felt like a better idea than walking to the bathroom? I entered those waters last night 
Is it just me or do I always seem to have cum in my bellybutton? 
Did u pay ur friends to not make fun of me? 
So you honestly dont remember putting honey in your bong? You kept talking about how you wanted to become a bee and fly 
Looks like I will be paying for the roofie I slipped myself in 9 months. 
Well the bottom line is that I had to completely coat my testicles in Neosporin. 
I think they should rename 16 and pregnant to "I was fucked in highschool and all I got was a baby and humiliated infront of the nation on MTV" 
I'm not saying he's gay. Just that he prob knows what a dick tastes like 
She looks like an uncircumcised penis in a hat. 
I'll listen to your side of the story when you stop being such a whore. 
Don't worry, there is no such thing as a fat, old or ugly blow job. 
I take no responsibility of who alcohol hooks up with using my body! 
turns out gay frats are just like normal frats, only with more v-necks 
i have absolutely no control over my now miserable and whore-ish lifestyle. 
stuffed animals make me feel really maternal. 
I think my tv knows when im high and tells taco bell 
Just so you know, each of my boobs fits perfectly in a martini glass. 
Now I'll never know if Megan finds a millionaire. 
One of her kids, Dakota I think, got stuck in a ceiling fan and she had a fit, thats when she found the penis hat. 
My life is like a Sweet Valley High book but with lots of alcohol. 
Helping a hot freshman girl move in = 2 hours of my life One bottle of cheap vodkas = $10 Watching her do the walk a shame on her first morning away from home = Priceless 
Its Shannon Doherty lazy not Forest Whittaker lazy 
you were so drunk you slurred your pauses 
having sex with you is like teaching a dog to tango, it DOESN'T work 
nothing as in nothinggggg kills the mood for me is when a girl with 4 cm nipple hair 
i dont know why he would complain when i touch him there. 
everything was going good until you started showing off the pictures of poop you took with your phone 
so i definitely just saw 2 cops high five each other as they were arresting underage drinkers in 5 points. 
you're kinda like the weird girl from The Breakfast Club after the makeover. i mean you're pretty, but you're still weird as fuck 
alcohol turns me into mario batali of easy mac 
I'm trying real hard to keep it on the DL how drunk I am at lunch with my grandma. 
I didn't join FB to see my only child straddle that boy in all her pictures. 
I just googled maps his house, and took the virtual tour back to my apartment, just so I could visualize the walk of shame in the morning 
I bet a guy could be masturbating under the table now and people would just think he was clapping along. 
Girls are like M&M's, once the lights go out you can't tell the difference. 
Btw, I'm really high so I apologize if anything I say gets translated into arabic. 
Chris' response to jim throwing up was taking off his shirt and saying WHO WANTS A BONER 
I don't understand how people can have that much vomit in them 
The new Black Eyed Peas song is the stupidest shit I've heard since the last Black Eyed Peas song. 
just passed a tour group on my way home. the guide actually said: 'and THAT kids is whats known as the walk of shame' 
honey bunches of taint. 
I hope God doesn't listen to everybody on a Saturday night. 
Whose surfboard did we steal and why is there a wood carving of a pelican in the fridge where the beer used to be? 
We had sex in his tahoe, talked about how we don't love each other and then high fived twice. Best Day Ever 
Desperate + desperate does not equal a fun night. 
It's always exciting to touch a new boob. 
You ran away and I found you three blocks later lying by a dumpster because "that's where your life belongs" 
Needless to say Beer Gardens severly frowns upon playing flip cups with real glasses. 
Needless to say, wine tasting turned into wine chugging 
How do I say "sorry I gave you and your sister herpes" in German? 
she was so hung over that i had to hold her hair while she puked in a trash can in the middle of the student center as new freshman and their parents walked by. 
I am at the gas station and there is a whole amish family here I'm not sure why the amish need gas but I think its worth investigating 
I hope you had to get up out of bed and walk across your room to check this text message 
I don't know what I could have possibly done in a past life to deserve watching my boyfriend projectile vomit margaritas and probs blood while completely naked. 
I wish I had a dollar for every time I've slept off a late night I dont want to remember in my recliner. 
I just need someone to hold me and tell me i dont turn boys gay 
So after i got done, she went over and got out her gecko, I felt like I was in an X rated geiko commercial. 
I hate it when you make eye contact with someone bcs you are about to make fun of them and they take it as a hint to come hit on you. 
Do you think when graham bell invented the phone he ever thought that people would be using them to facebook on the shitter? 
between no blow jobs for the rest of his life, or no cheese for the rest of his life, he chose no blowjobs. ive never felt so bad about my bj abilities before 
Bisexual people are plain selfish. 
one more question, do you know why i woke up with 5 pounds of quarters, nickels and dimes in my pocket? 
If I pass out leave the food near me so i can wake up to it 
Laughlin, where retired strippers come to die. 
totally just realized while washing my face that Cetaphil looks like semen. 
a queef is a wish your heart makes. 
New Low: Just set a reminder on my phone for me to check on things I need to harvest late on Farmville. 
Eating a girl out that was just in the ocean does not make her taste like saltwater taffy 
i wish peter jackson would direct porn 
Coffee is gods way of saying go ahead, get absolutly trashed on weeknights, I got your back 
Wow my backseat really seemed a lot bigger when we were 16 
Spider just rapelled from her vag rethinking online dating. 
No idea how i never noticed that penis before. I wonder if it works 
I just woke up to my FedEx of contacts I've been waiting for for about a week and my hungover ass went to the bathroom and used beer instead of contact solution. 
So we walked by this chick's house and she starts yelling at her boyfriend "STOP HITTING ME WITH YOUR DICK" 
Is it proper Ass-Fingering-Etiquette to tell her u felt her poop or just pretend it didn't happen? 
i found out what alaskan girls practice during those six months of darkness 
Thats about the time I should have known you would run around naked and try to make out with my sleeping mother 
I literally just watched a girl motorboat herself 
Do you know my vagina holds 14 pints of water? 
I would like to meet someone who actually lost their virginity in a candle filled room 
I guess calling a coworker a lesbian sea cow is some kind of violation. 
News update: stealing a playground is harder than it looks. 
if socks could get pregnant i would have catholic amounts of kids 
waiting in line for my ID. the kid in front of me reaks of hopes and dreams and hornyness-- freshmen by calvin klein 
i just cleaned out my toilet because i knew that my head would be in it later 
Great, now everyone thinks I've had giraffe semen in me 
the way she shouted out instructions during sex made me feel like I was having sex with my gym teacher 
I just spent my lunch hour driving around campus yelling "TRADE LIVES WITH ME!" to all the freshmen moving in 
and my herpes radar will keep us safe 
How do I say to her "Have you eaten mango lately because my penis had an allergic reaction" 
this girl ate taco bell on my bed naked last night, it was the sexiest thing ive ever seen 
but the lizard people decide everything anyway 
im starting to measure my showers by the number of beers i drink while im in there. 
no matter how many times i close my eyes and hit ignore on my phone. i must remind myself shit i still have to see her at work 
Do you remember when I jumped into your arms and you farted? 
I was just told by a cop that my party was the most epic party they ever crashed 
WORST DINGLEBERRY EVER 
Hold on, I'm google imaging "vagina close ups" to see if mine match up 
If you did the rosary as much as you masturbated, you would be the pope 
You were face down, at your computer, surrounded by beer bottles listening a bagpipes version of amazing grace. 
it was like she was tryin to eat my face and i was defending myself with my mouth 
thats the last time i clean cum out of my retainer. 
Fact: Godrick looks like David Archuleta 
I learned much from the teen babysitter: I can light a cigarette in a microwave. 
Everytime she tries to call me all I can think about is when she tripped walking down my steps during her walk of shame. Then I laugh until it goes to voicemail 
One little Beyonce reference and he turns on me faster than liberals on Jon Mackey 
Keeping hand sanitizer and lube in the same drawer in the same size bottle = awful idea 
Found my sandals in your freezer this morning, THANKS 
You got so drunk you kept singing the Sailor Moon theme song and kept making everyone call you Sailor Venus. 
i'm pretty sure god just pointed at me and laughed 
I get so lonely sometimes I set my phone's alarm to go off every 5 minutes or so and imagine people are texting me. 
I decided it would be a good time to smoke on one of my deliveries but then I got the munchies and ate a piece of the pizza I was freaking out so I told him it was our new pacman pizza 
Dude my date hates me, Im on a rooftop full of Turkish people, and Ricky Martin is blasting on the radio. I was wrong earlier when I said I have my shit together 
i'm having a wet tshirt contest with myself and yet i'm still losing 
Apparently married women at the office don't like getting congratulated on getting "knocked up" 
Jack off faster Americas best dance crew is beyonce themed 
got some bad news about ur virginity. she didnt make it thru the night 
I just had a 2 1/2 hr conversation about the pros and cons of taping your ballsack to your taint, which then led into the unveilling of lady gaga being a hermaphrodite. 
WHY DOES GOD HATE MY DICK 
I need you to promise me that the first one to find out our kids smoke weed, takes the weed so we can smoke it ourselves 
Mario Lopez is the poor mans Ryan Seacrest 
she said i was amazing, then i left to room to take the rubber off and came back to find her masturbating with my xbox controller while niko got a call from roman. 
Does having sex in the men's bathroom on the boardwalk count as having sex on the beach? 
kindergarten is hard when you're hung over. 
is it weird that i feel like i won the break up because my status change got two comments and his got zero? 
i've been throwing up a lot lately. my guess is hangover but who knows morning sickness is always an option 
So you started off by saying "no homo," but patting his crotch and saying his jeans fit him wonderfully may have overshadowed that. 
For the millionth time in his career, Brett Favre has screwed over the Vikings 
I wish I could google chicago male strippers on my work computer but I don't feel like talking to HR today 
if another girl says "im usually cleaner down there" I'm just going to shoot myself 
i just saw a woman using her birth control packet as a wallet. 
You thought cars couldnt see you if you stuck your head in the mail box 
You need Jesus like Tony Danza needs another hit show. 
i can totally see doctors naming an STD after you 
Tonight i am praying for god to turn my pussy into apple pie because i cant count the number of times bruce chooses food over sex. 
turns out Discover card thinks that if you spend $450 at four different liquor stores in one evening that the card "must have been stolen" 
I saw your purple underwear in the road this morning. 
Worst part was I had to fart super bad and didn't want to ruin the room so I farted in a pillow and threw it under the bed. 
Maybe if you date her you can take a dump on her 
I was just making a list of the girls i have slept with and i can't remember your sisters name 
Did you dl zombie porn on my computer? 
If no ones going to say it, then I will. Vanessa Hudgens boobs are weird looking 
at 4 in the morning i heated a family sized mac n cheese for a minute and decided to eat it frozen cuz I didn't wanna wait for that long 
turns out a healthy dose of cleavage is the equivalent of a swig of felix felicis 
i looked at dads computer and apparently he was looking at job ads on craigslist and the only one clicked that turned purple said "GET PAID TO MASTURBATE" 
If Jimminey Cricket were here with me he would be so disappointed. 
hahaha Yeah oh well, she wrote on my facebook wall, That's almost like a digital hand job 
got in a fight at the bar because some dude thought i was being sarcastic when i told him "sweet mustache". it really was a sweet mustache 
Do you ever make guys send you dick pictures just cause it's hilarious? 
Next weekend I am getting a library card and staying my whore ass home. 
Admittedly I was a little ambitious with some of the positions but you walked in during the worst of it. 
the only reason I knew his name is because half way through I looked up and it was tatooed on his chest. 
I'm so never shaving my vag in a target bathroom for him again. 
our cab driver is having phone sex. 
A good Q tip ear swabbing is better than bad sex. 
i think i would be more confident if i were chinese. 
69 is so not fun when his penis is sporting a 70s hairstyle 
They should make Glad Forceflex condoms. 
you didnt have any toilet paper so I just took a shower 
Found moms dildo in drawer while looking for socks, and its wet 
I wish Pampers made couches for people like us. 
I don't care how bad it tastes, i just put it in my mouth and deal with it 
a man that wears gold spandex underwear and party boys other people is a man after my own heart. 
I'd be more interested in girls if they were more interested in anal. 
is it bad if I use the term bowl as a measurement of time, as in how long it takes to smoke a bowl? 
SOME GIRL GOT MAGGOTS IN HER COOCH FROM EXPERIMENTING WITH MAYO! 
You know its bad when you're praying for a hangover just so you aren't still drunk at work anymore. 
We should steal a little kid and go to Chucke Cheese 
from all the glitter we used it actually looked like a disco stick 
We just all danced like dinosaurs in the center of the dance floor. 
i'm in his phone as sushi coochie 
last night i found where hot topic managers go to die after they get fired. 
at FSU your more likely to get an STD than a parking spot 
who knew getting puke in ur hair could make it look so cute and curly. minus the crusty puke part 
Dude I just heard my boss singing from the bathroom "I love making poop" 
wait, do i give off the impression that i DON'T want girls to show me their boobs if i video chat with them? 
There's a vagina buried somewhere in there. 
what if every blade of grass was a penis? 
I hate babysitting girls whose boobs are bigger than mine. 
Haha, just learned changing others iPhone passcodes is fun while drunk but not fun the next morning. 
when I woke up the last searched thing on my phone was "how to make a fireproof dress" I need to stop drinking. 
drinking warm bud heavies i found in the garage and googling how to tell the gosselin kids apart. 
We walked through the hotel lobby in slow-mo taking huge steps because we were astronauts, and astronauts obviously can't be drunk. 
you should probably quit with the whole "no homo" thing, especially when you are drunk, "mo homo"gives the wrong impression. 
A hard boiled egg and a shot of tequila is not brunch. 
my hangover today makes thursday's feel like a bubble bath. 
I love how its suddenly "not all about sex" now that he can't get it up 
I'm totally counting that party when he kept putting his hands down my pants as a date. 
dude that girl has seen more cock ends then weekends 
With such a small dick you'd think he'd try to make up for it with some sort of personality. 
your all-time low pick up line was when you asked a girl "Are you rock-staring at me?" 
honestly, magaritas are the void men can't fill. 
If you don't sleep with him after showing him your thong with the bow, I am no longer on your side. 
Dude I'm telling you, conditioner is the best for jerking it in the shower. It feels great and afterwards everything is all smooth 
if I'm ever single again, I swear to god I'm going to have 87 venerial diseases 
My balls are so social today. 
I'm sorry, but you without makeup is like christmas without presents. 
John tries to set me up, and she has 1 arm. I'm a nice guy, but 2 arms is kinda a requirement 
Not only did I see you last night, you had me help you meet women by convincing them you were deaf and only I understood your sign language 
it's not gay if you rub your penis between their butt cheeks and pretend they are tits 
You poured sparks in your panties and NOW you're wondering why you have a UTI? 
Have you ever been so weak from sleep you couldn't push your poo out? 
last nights makeup is better than no makeup at all. 
Is it bad everytime a fat person orders fraps I want to tell them to slow their rolls 
She was walking with the authority that 2 beers gave to a light weight. 
Sad Moment: I only had enough $ at 711 to buy chips or salsa. I chose salsa and took a plastic spoon 
I'm going to write a book about John. It's going to be called big dreams, little dick 
There is no way he is gay with that hair. 
Everything we own is covered in grass and KY 
yah I made NO friends last night. at one point i think i replaced talking with spitting 
If i could bang her from 80ft away, I would 
just when i thought things couldnt get worse, the batteries died in my vibrator. 
take the plastic off of my new air freshener and i'm not going to eat you out for a month. 
It's sad how good I am at giving people diseases 
Turns out, Windex will cut right through semen stains on a computer case. 
Astroglide: It's like Bengay for your ass. 
We sat in your minivan all night in a parking lot pretending we were in the magic school bus going to the sun 
He wouldn't know what to do with his penis even if they made a "how to get a blowjob for dummies" guide 
Let me rephrase. Would it display my intentions too much if i walked all the way across my office and into the bathroom carrying my book 
apparently the 911 operator took drunk dialing waaayy too seriously 
why does he think he needs to feed/take me out to get some ass? we are at a bar wasting my fucking time 
sometimes you just have to masturbate at your friend's house. 
I just called a child with a Yankees jersey a jerkoff. so much for a friendly day @ the ballpark 
If I was doing exactly what I wanted right now I would be getting fucked on a jet ski while listening to "When Love Takes Over" by Kelly Rowland while eating french fries. 
I found your dream girl. She looked 11 but drove and on her key chain it said "if i am not wasted the day is" 
i justawanted to let you know that illi aalways be thwew for ui and o qill waasag youer dog whenebvet u wsnt 
you may be an alcoholic when your drug dealer calls to yell at you for drinking too 
you were so high you spent the rest of the night smelling pepper to prove you can sneeze with your eyes open 
you were the other women for BOTH people in the relationship? 
Her vagina should come with caution tape. 
Little spoons don't ask big questions 
it was like fucking the hulk in a smartcar 
Remeber, hes got nothing better to offer you than drunk words and hairy balls. 
seems the shocker is way more shocking if u get the fingers wrong 
do girls know yet that the best boners are in the morning? 
No, we just ended up walking around in his pool high and singing songs by The Wiggles. 
you think the cum will come out of moms black shirt? 
Is pulling weed out of a vagina a good thing or a bad thing? 
I hate when you've made an ugly girl's day by having sex with her, and then she gets greedy and wants to cuddle after you cum. 
i was so high last night while i was driving i felt like i was riding a bike with no pedals 
I went to the gynecologist and they said, "you're the most fun person we've ever had," and i thought, "that's exactly why i'm here!" 
my roommate and her friend got reaallllly high last night and it looks like they played scrabble. one of their words is "nippal" 
he told me it was because of the roids, but i couldn't tell if he meant ster or hem. 
I just saw a girl wearing a flannel shirt that would make 1992 cringe 
his personality makes his face look like an asshole. 
operation harelip BJ is a go 
eating mexican with the mother in law. this meal made her decide to tell us about her colon cleansing diet 
I'm constantly one strobe light away from an E flashback 
My life would be so much easier if i could just ride around in the cash cab all day 
Tonight must have been good, I have already had two cups of coffee but still couldn't figure out how to operate a door. 
We could sell used underwear with pictures of us wearing them. 
the best part about watching a meteor shower at 4 am is being able to masturbate in public and drink hot chocolate at the same time. 
and thats how i got kicked in the balls by micky mouse 
To bright to open both eye. Get pizza and put in feeding tube so i can sleep more 
does dane cook know its not 2004 and that hes no longer relevant? 
I'm so turned on right now it's fucking stupid. I hate burger king commercials 
The money shot is kinda like the "The End" part of a children's book isn't it? 
Life lesson #57: drinking whisky out of apples leads to threesomes. 
New universal law, if a movie has a Rob Zombie song in it, its probably a bad movie. 
My phone has seen less use in the last three days than Tom Brady's condoms. 
I think the recipie for awesome sauce is butter and semen 
When I asked if she spit or swallow she replied "I never learned how to spit" 
Ramen noodles and uncensored jerry springer episodes, what a nice life i have. 
Do you think he likes his girlfriend's moustache? 
He just asked me if I ever had the urge to put a zucchini in my ass. 
what day is it and did you see me today? 
There's trophy wives that arent even in the 5th grade yet 
I want Jason Statham to talk British to my vagina. 
oh, and bring over your fire extinguisher. we're gonna get the mailman again 
I was so drunk last night that I went into my 15 year old sisters room to have her peer edit the drunk texts I was sending to my ex. 
people should stop making movies, we'll never top bio-dome. 
You were parading around the bar chugging girls drinks and then asking them if you could buy them a drink. It was actually genius 
Do vagina's smell? 
i love accidental penises. 
There need to be more gay people on my afternoon soaps. 
Quoting wale wont save you from herpes 
i was having this nice romantic moment with my girlfriend. then jimmy came in and peed on the fridge 
It was the single greastest thing to happen to my dick ever 
Ugh, here's a dating tip. Hairy legs are a major turn off 
How am I supposed to spread my seed with you "modern women" and your birth control? 
I just told the 2nd grade class leprechauns are the children of midgets. 
Pooping in your heated bathroom to the sound of rain and instrumental guitar might be the greatest experience ever. 
Fun fact: tonight on intervention was the guy who did my tattoo 
how do I set my phone to only ring when I'm asleep when sex is certain? 
Tonight has been like a good ass fucking high school movie 
No, you can still breathe under the balls. 
I puked in the cab and in my hair and he didnt even know 
i just peed out my two story window using my cell phone as a flashlight . hope the neighbors didnt see 
I will fuck a handful of worms if you hold them 
Went home with a 29 year old from the bar. Life lesson: 9 year olds stay up late sometimes 
They still haven't come up with a cure for a hangover; good luck cancer. 
I wish i was in the wii world. 
my clit piercing makes the metal detector go off 
I'm not high anymore, I decide when it's done. 
a dead guy is trying to sell me oxy clean on my tv 
I just saw a neon sign in a bar window that says, "open to Public" but the L is burnt out. 
please come you make the beer taste better 
we'll penetrate his innocence with our dicks 
Should I tell Kevin that my finger was in his sister's ass last night? 
What do you say about some mid-afternoon anal? 
You know you're true friends when you can talk about what sexual diseases you may or may not have. 
I thouht it was time to go to sleep and suddenly I was front row on brokeback mountain 
and the mascot is a pinecone. its really no surprise that people here dont get laid 
I think that i just found proof that harry and ginny had sex 
is it gross that my labia hangs so much that guys can't find my clit? 
Dude if it is possible to orgasm from shitting i think it just happened. 
Steve is enlightening me on how and why u put gerbils up your ass 
you kept telling everyone that you were the mayor of silverware town 
someone owes me an orgasm 
will power is for people who don't want to get laid 
direct quote: "i'm so over my clit" either best or most awkward conversation possible with your COUSIN 
me texting you is like we have secret walkie talkies. 
no one is going to fuck you in a field of bunnies 
I think its a sure sign I need to get laid when every cloud in the sky looks like a penis. 
If he comes back to you and I'm left alone in lonelytown I'm totally going to poo on your car. 
I told him I had my daily dose of vitamin c so i wouldn't blow him 
90% of the problems in your life are directly related to your vagina 
There is something about listening to Patsy Cline while pooping that makes the experience so much better. 
Do NOT cum in me, on me, or in my bed. 
He was so confused why there was a string hanging out of my vagina. 
you dont have to exercise, you threw up last night! 
she'd have to be at LEAST a cup size bigger for me to even consider putting up with her voice 
My Nuvaring birth control makes me queef. 
He kissed a someone with a penis 
i take joy in having bigger boobs than others 
and everytime i fart i feel like in your heart, you can hear it 
nothing says platonic group sex like a campfire and smores 
idk, i just don't think periods are something you can catch in a little cup. 
You make homosexuality sound like a cult. 
eating raw peppers to burn the taste of semen out of my mouth 
the only difference between me and a prostitute was that i complained a lot more. 
i love marijuana more then i could love a human baby. 
Soooo billy mays was on coke. I'm about as shocked as I was when Clay Aiken came out 
is it bad that I sent her a picture of my penis on her husbands birthday? 
Do you ever look at a vegetable and think "that would be awesome to shove up my vagina"? 
im learning from these one night stands last time i came in her this time i came on her AND deleted every contact in her phone! 
i just hope all the shady shit stops so i can let him into my pants 
The chick I went home with last night had a happy trail 
Maybe i shouldn't have told him the key to getting in my pants was double vodka sodas and Nelly's song "grillz." 
We had to use the stains on Phil's shirt to try to piece together what happened last night. 
I think, one-on-one, Paul Rudd could be very threatening in like a REALLY good way. 
Youll never guess who has to go to fucking planned parenthood because trojan cant make a fucking condom 
i have it on good authority that she is not as good at giving head as she claims she is 
my bed looks and feels like i need to buy plan b. 
Contrary to popular belief alot of woman do actually enjoy sucking cock. 
i feel like my life has become an afroman song and idk whether i should be sad about that or not 
Just found 50 pesos and a coke spoon in my dads old shit. Gotta love the 70s 
he suggested i make a website called "cum on molly's face", to "start off my acting career" 
**i WaNt TO sLaP mY niECe wHO ThINks iT iS cUte tO WriTE LiKE tHiS** 
And we will make penis cookies and eat them suggestively 
Dood you jacked it to warcraft. you can't come back from something like that 
I just saw a commercial for "tickle me elmo hands" and I am almost 100 percent sure that at the end elmo said "yeaaaaa boooyyyyyy" 
I just put my retainer in and it tastes like weed 
I just remembered we were doing butt clenching exercising with bar straws last night 
I've officially put my junk in foods from 5 of the 6 layers of the nutrition pyramid 
I was worried if he didn't show me his penis, he would kill himself 
There is no way when we get home that nothing will hapen 
I wish that guy wasn't missing teeth 
At some point I made a semi-conscious decision that i was okay with sleeping in my own vomit. 
Just lost my virginity while listening to rick astley. torn between horror and jubilation 
He toold me that when we were younger I was his boner buddy. 
and then she said I drew a line on her forehead with my cum and whispered "Simba" 
How you know a guy is gay: they say they would want money, not sexual favors, from emma watson 
What do you do when the person in the stall next to you says they're jealous? 
No stitches, just platelets and will power 
"Worlds Wildest Videos" should be called "Crazy White People" 
Correction, I've been on a lot of dates and a lot of dicks 
have you ever been in a public bathroom and someone walked in, and you played "Fat or Crying" based on her breathing? 
i would totally switch to progressive if they'd let me bang that girl in the commercial. 
I bet i've been more pregnant than you. 
Now that I'm the boss, there's nobody to yell at me for smelling like a bar in the morning. 
Is licking assholes a new fad or something? 
he whipped it out and it smelt like my toilet after taco Tuesday 
Believe it's possible to jerk off while watching the food network. 
Should I shave my pubes in the shape of a top hat so I can nickname my junk Abe Lincoln? 
I'm at the point in my career when i know a sites a trap and isn't real porn 
I told my ex i loved him and then he sent me a picture of this girl laying on his bed. 
i guess you could say your face is two degrees of separation from my balls 
what age do we have to be before we can stop fucking guys on the first date? 
i could't wear that belt anymore, it was gonna make me keep shitting for the rest of the night 
i told him he had the best dick i've ever seen. then supposedly i kept repeating "peter piper picked the perfect penis" 
All I have in my fridge is chocolate cake, pizza, spicy mayo sauce, beer, and weed. I love college 
You litterally reached into some girls shirt, pulled out her tit and yelled whats up with this guy. 
I wonder if you could grow some weed in a chia pet 
If it makes you feel better he went down on me when i had a yeast infection. 
you can't get genital warts from dogs can you? 
please quote me on this- the only thing worse than being ugly is being ugly and thinking that you're pretty 
Please don't use social media to get back at me. 
you shoved the noah's ark of animal crakers in your mouth saturday. 
I was so drunk last night I wanted to download a Busta Rhymes album. 
I am at a bar watching a rat tail get braided. 
She might as well just lie down with one of those red "Easy Buttons" next to her 
who knew "i drink your milkshake" would work as a pickup line 
The sex was so not worth the four dollars it cost to drive over the bridge 
I cant date a girl that sucks dick at sucking dick 
So you coming over for some grilled cheese and head? 
Barsexuality is the new black. 
Well I think that's a good thing that I'm not full of someone else. 
when your hometown is famous for abortion clinic bombings, hurricanes, and jude law's newest bastard, its probably time to move. 
I'm going to let the use of the word "hella" slide considering I have sperm older than you. 
God is so good, I would give him a blow job right now. 
She just squirted all over my face. then laughed at me and took a pic 
If penises could fly, my ass would totally be an airport. 
I can only name 15 people I've had sex with - can I just start claiming that as my sex number? 
Brandon just fucked that chick! I tried to warn him but T9 said she had "puppy roses" instead of "pussy sores" 
I can feel you judging me through the phone. 
dude i just saw a topless girl trying to get into her locked car. im moving here 
Seriously, I would hit on barney the dinosaur right now if it meant I was going to get laid. 
why do my parents always seem to be having way more sex than i do? 
I'm a gentlemen, chivalry is what i do, i'll open the door, pull out your chair, buy your drinks, i'll even go down first, but when it comes to mario kart, i draw the line. I'm sorry but i just can't let you beat me at mario kart 
after everytime she pucked, she insisted on us all giving her high fives 
Her vagina smelled like hockey gear. 
You were asking people if they could pee on you while you shotgunned beers 
i need gas-x and some way to take back every single thing i did last night. 
DOES ANYONE KNOW THE NINJA TURTLES 
If I saw her on the street and didn't know about the two of them, I would think the only way she'd ever find love was if she somehow found her way to middle earth and an orc took her in 
i just defriended some girl because according to her status she "doesn't give a fuck about shark week." 
It was so romantic--he turned me around to face the sunset during doggy-style over the couch back. 
You know im sick of people that are still obsessed w obama. that was sooooo last year 
That's what happens when you let Keystone Light make your decisions. 
so she asking me "is it okay to have dangling labias?" 
this may or may not be the weed talking, but this is by far the best tasting toothpaste i've ever had 
16 and pregnant actually makes me really happy that i'm gay 
We were tigers and tigers don't wear pants 
Last night was so much fun. i kept trying to lick everyone 
don't worry, i already broke the ice when i told the story about how i super glued a picture of big bird to my vag. 
no, i will not be your spotter when you masturbate with a noose around your neck 
so i was pissing and the phone rang but i forgot i was pissing so i just ran to answer the phone. it was too late when i realized 
the other night i did but this one wasnt and it was so random. i was hooking up with this boy who wanted to roleplay and pretend to be snakes 
so while we were having sex, he stuck it in my but, and when he finished he goes next time can we have anal. i don't know if that means im tight or my butt hole is loose, i choose to think the first one 
From the crime scene it appears that I attempted to throw up into a candle. 
don't wear any deodorant. we have to do everything we can to sabotage this wedding 
I would like to thank collapsed soviet republics and fathers who didnt show enough attention for tonight's festivities 
Dibs on passing out in front of the toilet. 
my boobs just fell out on the dance floor. my wedding is totally beating your wedding 
Just saw cops pull over the ice cream truck. What a dick 
and while your girlfriend wears your relationship pants, i'll be wearing my ecstasy pants 
thats the last time I fuck a piece of fruit on camera for him. 
you sent me the whole alphabet, one letter a text. it took 15 minutes to read them all 
Shark Week may as well be Shark Weed. 
you won't ask to borrow his earbuds because you think it's gross, but you'll have sex with him? 
Never forget that any girl can get her way if she puts her vagina on the table. 
We each get one free throw up cleaning, no questions asked. 
i'm all for saving the environment, but when we get into the shower to fuck, he shouldn't flip his shower hourglass timer 
i wouldn't be half as slutty if there were better things to do. 
We fucked twice, I went to the bathroom to freshen up, and came back to him playing "Your Body is A Wonderland" on his guitar naked in my bed. 
You know its been a rough night when you wake up and the first thing you remember is your mom going skinny dipping. 
I hope the kids appreciate the fact that I jizzed on her instead of on their slide. 
When the phrase "Wow your huge" came out of her mouth I knew it was gonna be a good night. 
The brown eye won't let me do that either. 
I just spent the last 30 minutes shaving my asshole. 
Nothing is worse than puking naked in front of strangers 
The things that come out of my body both amaze and disturb me. 
But you know it's love when you find brass knuckles in the same box he keeps his Naruto action figures. 
Also thongs make me have to fart a lot. 
Here's a fun fact your kittens ate my vomit last night 
As long as they suck a good dick I don't care what fruit they have and where they have it 
accomplished twins. life is a go 
Fuck appropriateness. 
I hate when people uglier than me have girlfriends 
My birthing hips are way to big to be around all these juveniles. 
The first sip always goes straight to my vagina. 
We took shots in honor of Shark Week. 
well you can't waste a boner 
WHO ATE OUR COOKIES WHAT THE FUCK THOSE WERE GOURMET 
Had a 3 sum last night, and today food just taste better and the air seems so much fresher! 
Apparently I called 911 everytime Sean Kingston told me to 
My life is like the prequel to "40 Year Old Virgin" 
Can someone please explain to me why I woke up looking like Ziggy Stardust 
maybe all of them together would equal one normal sized dick. 
She is making me post-sex grilled cheese at 2 am wearing only shorts and cowboy boots. I am so in love 
After we had sex, she played this little piggy with my toes 
Where are you? I just made a vodka + cranberry & Im going to drive there & throw it in your face 
he just put it in my mouth and said "go" 
'fingered' and 'feelings' NEVER belong in the same sentence. 
this party is like a fast-foward into the future when im 40 and married with children 
she needs to go suck a dildo, because she isn't worth a dick 
i'm sorry if your life is a sore subject 
ive decided theres a fine line between accepting money for sex and letting someone buy you late night taco bell and knowing that if he hadnt you wouldnt be in his bed right now 
It's noon and i am somehow drinking by myself in a jazz tent in broad daylight. 
Why I am the classiest girl you know: just mixed drinks for everyone on the baby changing station at the movie theater. 
I just want to make him a cookie cake that says "you have no chance with me." 
Whenever ur ready we need breakfast and a psychic. 
the third sister isn't as attractive as the other two but I will do her anyway to finally pull off the fabled family hat trick. 
Ps what kind of horrible ppl are we that we both checked blackberries during sex and neither minded? 
I envy your ability to put any word in front o the word beer and make drinking before 5 sound like a socially sanctioned event. 
We almost didn't get a second pitcher, but now we're getting a sixth. 
one should ask oneself what kind of lifestyle one is leading when one finds a handprint of semen on their pillow the next day. 
bathroom sex at kohls isnt as trashy as it seems 
in a basement doing blow off a prince dvd next to a chick in a saddam mask 
Her name starts with A and ends with whore. 
remind me to tell you about the ham sandwich empire im building 
her dad's the mattress king, she's genetically engineered to be good in bed 
my brother is so whacked out on percocet from hurting his legs that he started crying because his belly button was so cute 
May i just say it is extremely difficult to pee in a cape 
He wouldnt get hard, then started talking about his ex wife. I literally rolled over and started to cry 
and she's shaped like a lego person so that's not happening 
You were so drunk last night you thought you force pushed the automatic door open. 
okay serious question, the water is shut off in your house, do you attempt and use the clean toilet water for your new bong? 
I think id rather eat ped egg shavings. 
Waitress cut us off at Chili's bar. New low 
This is why I shouldn't be left alone with liquor and anticipation. 
so her cute freckles turned out to be blackheads 
Dry humping a girl for an hour and then jizzing in your pants doesn't count as losing it. 
Apparently I think casual Friday means I can show up unshaven in yesterday's clothes and reeking of booze. 
The whole way homeyou were flapping your arms up and down, and when I asked why you said you were trying to tell Tony Danza about the angels. 
we better have passed that bar exam - i dont want to have to drink like this again 
I wish they had nachos that got you drunk 
He asked me if I "almost moaned" 
So I'm cool with the whole break up, but it sure is a shame we didn't get to use those handcuffs. 
i know they say sex burns calories but i think i actually gained weight from just lying there for the whole 2 minutes 
I made out with four boys last night, AND EXCUSE ME WHILE I COUNT HOW MANY GIRLS. 
even my farts smell like vagina 
Is it weird i consider You Sexy Thing our song? 
Oh please, I could turn a Vienna Boys Choir concert into a shit show 
it's like there's an entire ecosystem in your vagina. 
I just found out the FDA voted to ban Vicodin, my last connection to this world has been destroyed 
You never realize just how much you have to be thankful for until you almost shit yourself in a Target. 
There is something about drinking on a golf course and getting with younger women that just really makes me feel at home. 
I forgot how ruthlessly advertising works on me when I'm high. 
Most awkward thing ever: Meeting your BattleShits opponent post war. 
Her tattoo has the intellectual profundity of snakes on a plane except you can't laugh. 
She said if it slipped out one more time she was going to duct tape it in her vagina 
my debutante medallion kept hitting his balls when i went down on him 
is it bad if my mug shot looks better than my profile picture? 
And I wrote a rap so it was actually a productive afternoon minus not paying our bills. 
The best part was that when i tried to chase her she ran off in one of those barbie motorized jeeps that little kids use and i chased her on a big wheel, thru lincoln terrace 
How do you get a cum stain out of a trampoline? 
i need a shirt that says "I fuck trainwrecks" 
And when I look at him, I just want him to say "I love you" in between deep thrusts and hard grunts. 
i just masturbated with purell and my dick burns and smells like a hospital 
i spent 15 mins trying to take money out of ATM with my drivers license saying, "what the fuckkkk" everytime it didnt work 
I thought Christmas was going to come before I did 
Those balls look pretty dangerous. 
he said he wished he had more hands so he could firmly hold my boobs. 
i just compared eating a chick out to "gargling a cheeto" 
my mother and i just seriously had a convorsation about why you cant Google "Refurbished Dildos" 
If I was on drugs, this would be amazing 
I feel like tequila is Gods way of lighting my fuse to do something awesome 
he thought i was passed out so he proceeded to jerk off while i lay on the floor next to him 
Do brothers usually kiss their sisters? 
so you masturbated because Oprah told you? 
You probably shouldn't be hiding under someones bed listening to them get head 
And then a tiny penis fell out of my purse 
I will show your tits more attention than Michael Jackson's death. 
Last night was def like the makeout party episode of full house 
I'm pretty sure he jizzed in his pants, and no it wasn't even half as funny as that song. 
some kid came into the principals office and tried to explain what he was sent there for through interpretive dance. 
Vibrating panties would be amazing during this conversation! 
He went so fast i didnt even have time to pretend like i was about to have a fake orgasim 
i think he just uses that whole "grew up in a castle" thing to get pussy 
its easy. just sleep with a bunch of guys until one falls in love 
she told me her fantasy was her as a 55 year old cook at a truck stop who smokes a pack a day, and I was the 21 year old illegal immigarnt prep cook. 
it was like getting a handjob from mrs. butterworth 
bras are like tupperware for tits, keeps em fresh. 
you'll never believe how fucking awesome rain man is when you're stoned. 
So yes it WAS her period, NOT a nose bleed. 
I've come to the conclusion that the only reason I fucked him was because he reminded me of Seth Rogen. 
i wish we had vans that drove around at night but insteand of ice cream and jolly tunes its taco bell and the macarena 
I couldn't tell if he was hitting on me or if he was just mentally challenged. 
I was like, "um, that's my butthole." 
Driving with balloons in your car is more annoying than that bubble fart that doesn't leave your ass after your previous fart. 
member when we used to take shits together before volleyball games? 
I'm so excited for this wedding, I feel like a school girl about to get finger launched on the dance floor at the sadie hawkins dance 
I wish life was like dora the explorer where dancing pigs appear out of nowhere to solve your problems for you 
my dad just beat the shit out of me cuz i blew my nose on one of my dirty t shirts and he saw it and thought it was cum. 
He wanted me to blow him while he was playing guitar hero. there will not be a second date 
Do you reaalllllly want to put "porn editor" on your resume? 
question: does your pee smell like mojitos at all? 
then for some reason i googled "how much to buy a cannon" 
Definitely still drunk while signing the 'responsible adult' form at the hospital 
I've been thinking and really it's a miracle I haven't had an STD yet. 
why did i wake up to an event notice that says "Shit Just Got Real"? 
I wish you wouldn't refer to your breast milk as "ammunition" 
well, if it gives you any insight into how crazy it was, i am currently wikipediaing "anullment" 
my head feels like I tried to put alcohol out of business last night 
she looked like the before picture. 
Hi, I just found this phone under my seat at a brewers game and seeing as you're entered in as 'fillllatio' I figured I'd ask you if you know the illiterate ass who owns this phone. Thanks :) 
Omg just want to confirm: got drunk, naked in street, fucked in bathroom and puked on bart. 
his balls ACTUALLY tasted like nuts 
OMG MY MOM JUST ASKED IF I WAS GETTING PAP SMEAR TOMORROW VERY LOUDLY WHILE WE ARE STANDING IN A VERY PUBLIC LINE. 
If one more person calls me a lesbian I am going to have to give you head in public. 
Balls are like the throw pillows of the penis 
I realized tonight the smell of my dirty pads remind me of my grandfather. 
My relationship with VH1 is so bittersweet 
Remind me to tell you about the dream where im a fighting a super hero whose only weakness is sunkist. 
just next time i won't let coke make me think I'm superman and drink a shit ton. 
I'm like a new puppy, everybody wants to touch me 
we just decided that lesbian tuesdays are a must, as of tomorrow. 
Hands down the best time I've ever had barfing. 
Deadliest Catch is NOT foreplay 
Please explain to me what this has to do with my fantasy to fuck larry king? 
I did a mental Irish jig when he pulled out the second condom. 
you're putting all your eggs in a very hungover basket 
My boss just called me into his office to apologize for being an "inadvertant cockblock" 
I'll start drinking again when I know where I am 
then i got kicked out of the bar for trying to pay my $30 bar tab in sacajawea dollar coins 
They wont let us in. Theyve some sort of no Daft Punk costume rule 
just saw a guy try to order booze in his coffee at 8 am. 
I now officially know the distance between my two boobs is one twizzler. 
i love how people use prayer to talk shit about eachother in a 'holy' manner. 
I owe all of my success to double stuf oreos and weed. 
how soon is too soon after the break-up to ask for my condoms back? 
Things I've learned: after you move in with a girl it's much less satisfying to wipe your dick on her sheets after sex because now they're your sheets too 
my sisters under your porch take her home 
I just saw a guy give a mop to his fat wife and say "Look, an exercise stick!" 
Michael Bay diarrhea 
I kinda look like a classier blonde kenny powers. 
The world would be so much better with thought bubbles. 
He ate me out. It was like watching him trying to win a pie eating contest 
What about the words "You're my personal dildo" made him say "I love you"? 
I'm watching tv and he's trying to stick a vibrator in my ass 
Dude, it's gettin so bad even my fantasies just wanna be friends. 
if only i could text you this smell 
I mean, he's dancing back and forth between pathetically sad and massively fucking creepy. 
We're 3 acts into this drag show and we've already run out of Lady Gaga songs. 
why do married chicks ALWAYS cry after? 
im having a threesome with these popsicles 
Why did I wake up this morning with 10 tally marks on my hand and a penis drawn on my tits? 
When we were fucking, you could hear the beer sloshing around in my stomach 
he said i'm too pretty to suck penis 
The only reason why I invited him to my party was because he is suicidal. 
Should I go home with him even though I know my Run DMC undies have skid marks on them? 
Is my tampon string too long for this dress? 
i am only reminding you that showing off your fellatio skills on vegetables is probably not an appropriate party trick 
Besides Rainforest Cafe, there's nowhere i'd rather be intoxicated than here 
its awkward enough using a urinal next to your dad but its worse finding out hes one of the guys who goes no hands and moans it out 
I sware she could use her own nose as a dildo. 
I don't know how I got that girl last night. I feel like seal right now sans the scars 
I give out O-faces like they're halloween candy 
Are you trying to threaten my boobs? 
so, on facebook you can become a fan of butt sex, and also premarital sex, but not premarital butt sex, which is what I was aiming for. 
everyone made a circle around them and startd chanting fight fight. they wernt fighting, they were dry humping 
I don't know if it's her mysterious past or atrocious grammar, but I think I'm in love. 
Apparently Chef Boyardee is the only guy I'm taking home tonight. 
i'll give you all the meat in my fridge in exchange for 2 condoms. 
I'm a big fan of 2 things right now: 1) Gatorade and 2) the fetal position 
I really hope your girlfriend didnt have your phone while i texted how much i loved doing it in HER car with you :x 
he's afraid if he sleeps with me i'll go all lavender brown on him 
I'm going to go hang out on a giant wooden pirate ship for 5 days. 
he's super hid and wouldn't leave us alone so i snatched his phone and started texting lovelink (thanks for a well-timed commercial) that will cost him money. muhahaha 
The only way im leaving this casino is in a golden chariot or an ambulance 
you know your drunk when 7 soccer players cant catch up to a tranny in high heels who just stole your wallet 
I don't think cute and don't forget to get tested belong in the same text 
WE WERE REALLY IN A PORNO LAST NIGHT 
He looked me in the chest and said "I think I was visited by the titty fairy last night" 
dude sorry about putting my finger in your butt last nite i was wasted and thought it was mine 
He broke up with me by playing Lynyrd Skynyrd "Free Bird". 
I'm giving you permission to use the abortion money to pay for your DUI. 
the guy in front of me just bought a pound of bacon, a bouquet, and a case of budlight, i want to see THAT makeup sex 
you could play connect the dots with the people ive fucked in this room 
I have a deodorant stick dedicated to my balls. 
I never doubt that you might be drinking at any moment. 
Just caught my bro jerking off to a lane Bryant catalog 
theyre doing shots to celebrate her boob jobs anniversary. 
how can you tell if its a queef or a fart from that close? 
her nose should be used as a dorsal fin 
If God's watching us, we might as well be entertaining 
I'll probably hate you when I'm sober 
He had on juicy sweatpants and thats when i knew he was no longer a threat. 
And Anthony pissed on himself at the strip club 
i just spent the last half hour thinking about my totally irrational and intense hatred of wedge flip flops. 
i think i have two assholes 
Shes from jersey what did you expect her to say when you asked her if she did coke? Its like asking some1 from a third world country if they are hungry 
So, it's like build-a-bear for your vag? 
as evidence of my kitchen this morning my night involved alot of mustard and condoms 
I am not hooking up with him just to see what his penis looks like. 
I feel uncomfortable when she gargles my jizz. 
i literally forgot his name and just started calling him "waffles" 
If i have to listen to his problems about his girlfriend, he should at least let me suck his cock. 
Her cooch smelled like a combination of bacon and sweat. 
there was 4 little kids screaming in high pitched voices at the top of their lungs at the sox game and their mom just leaned over to me and said 'if thats not birth control i dont know what is' 
I would go down on you faster than GM stock 
I un-blacked out around 7am watching J.lo videos on youtube 
we couldnt find her phone in the morning so i called it and found it under the bed. my name came up as 'regret' 
There's just this way he looks at me that makes me want to suck his soul out through his dick. 
it was so cute when you were pretending to have willpower 
Michelle found a bong in the garbage and sold it to my mom 
everytime he calls himself the maxipad master i can't help but wonder what costume that would involve. 
I believe that I finger-banged my way to the top of the corporate ladder. 
isnt it creepy that our bodies make people 
there should be a rule- if you jizz on it, you wash it 
Saying she let herself go implies she was actually holding on 
awkward like he asked me out for a "rest of the summer make out buddy" thing and I kind of had a female testicle retreat moment 
i hope push ups and a ton of orange juice gets rid of chlamydia 
Let's play a little game called "Chill the Fuck Out" - you're our first contestant 
I think i just called up my ex and talked to her for 20 minutes about frogs and how happy i am to be wearing shorts 
I'm so hungover And my mouth is so dry it feels like my tongue is wearing a sweater 
I just had to explain to my father, how having two screens plugged into my computer doesn't use more internet. 
Asian chick on skype stripping for me. Hold on give few min 
she looked like she should be chained to micheal vicks radiator 
Please don't tell anyone I peed on your wall. 
I told a kindergarten student that candy canes are bones of reject elves. 
he pushed my hair back because he said it made me look like kelly kapowski and he told me to call him zach 
He actually believes he's not an alcoholic if he doesn't go to meetings. 
You tied the party balloons to your nipple ring so that everyone would know you partied. 
why wash my dick in the morning if you're not there to suck it? 
cruising supermarkets, asking random people where i can get weed. fuck alaska 
Yeah, but I'm out of licorice and there's no way anywhere near here will rent us all mopeds on a Tuesday night. 
you were so drunk you tried to use the microwave as a calculator for your BAC 
why is there a picture of someone wearing Tevas with socks taped on the wall? 
By the end of the second bowl I was making sound effects to every hand movement he made. 
I just needed to know whether or not to wear panties to work tomorrow. 
sometimes i look at this picture of your cock before i go to sleep, there's something comforting about it 
The make-up sex just reminded me why we broke up in the first place. 
Have you ever had champagne poured on you during sex? It was like a rap video 
I got oddly confused when she started talking in third person in bed. 
Forget abc fam drinking games. Take a shot everytime Tyra says I and you'll be dead by the first commercial 
I could write a book called "things that come out of my vagina" 
it's not our fault the pink and the sink are so close together. 
can you explain to me why you commented on every one of my profile pics with "tits and beer ftw" please and thank you. 
Since she's grinding up on your thigh right now, I'm sending you this text hoping it makes your phone vibrate in her vagina 
She was so high she ate a little piece of weed off her pants and thought it was food. 
Situation: He got it in my eye, how long do I let it sting before should start to worry? 
Note to self: soco dudes get amusinly uncomfotable when I moan at the urinal. 
u know u need to get laid when watching mike wazowskis gf from monsters inc makes u horny 
I would like to remind you that Mike's hard lemonade only goes good with an extra light cigarette and seminal fluid. 
Every time you buy a sobe you buy a bong. 
no homo or anything but the way you were dancing with that girl gave me a boner 
I wish there was a morning after pill that made you instantly sober 
I opened up her dishwasher and all I found was a spoon, a juice glass and all her sex toys. 
I guess she didn't feel like it. There was hair all over it and everything 
There comes a time in every man's life where he has to shit in a catbox to prove a point. 
Is it weird for a girl to post pictures of her dildo no facebook? 
There is something just so refreshing and wonderful about an uninterrupted morning poop in the office. 
It was like doing yoga with his dick in me 
I admire the strength of friendship we have that allows for sharing husbands. 
you were convinced campus grass and foliage would give you your daily serving of vegetables to balance out the amount of alcohol you drank. 
If I were trying to take advantage of you I would have maxed out all your credit cards by now. 
He told me i was the nicest person he's ever arrested for DUI 
Its official, cigarettes are now more expensive than weed 
i barely touched his dick and all of a sudden he yells, "BONER!" 
I assumed she put out when I heard her friend call her "dickbutt" 
do you know why "how to shave your balls" is bookmarked on my computer? 
I swear to God, I saw my life flash between my legs. 
Yeah but his hole really smells sometimes 
Is it bad that Pitbull has taught me more Spanish than high school did? 
I hate having morals and standards the next morning. 
i totally forgot about the coupon that said i would show him how i pleasure myself. 
She wouldn't stop telling me the story of the penis and how she got laid. 
One minute shes telling me about her volunteer work then she whips out a 12 inch dildo 
Do you think there are girls out there that really do like small penis? 
im sitting at a bagel shop wearing a princess crown hungover and have a sweater that is not mine. 
She kept saying "I didn't do it" but she was so drunk she forgot her pee was orange from her UTI medicine. 
he quoted cool runnings while we were having sex: feel the rythm,feel the rhyme, get on up, its bobsled time 
And hes hitting me with his balls, really hard. 
apparently, "please pick me up from the airport" also means "i got drunk on the flight and need to give you roadhead in broad daylight" 
It was like a spaceship landed and 1000s of hipsters filled up the park 
and before you know it i was laying next to him at 2 in the morning with penis and sadness on my breath. 
You know ure stoned when u start thinking about making a bacon smoothie 
we were taking shots of hot tequila, which is even worse than it sounds 
People with herpes should wear stickers. 
Whats the glycemic index on semen? 
Time to put an end to this 'unprotected sex with crazy girls who have violent exes' trip I've been on so far this summer 
I saw his dick soo much last night when I saw him this morning all I saw was penis where his face should be 
I have a story that starts with Nutella and ends with sex in the laundry building at RIT. 
Alex, there's no such thing as a fancy sex store. 
I thought at least he would want to exchange numbers after he tried to put it in my bum 
sometimes i wish i had a whole other life to spend on youtube 
Hard to imagine a reason apart from blow jobs that I'm awake at 530 am. 
sleeping like a two year old who chased ambien with a bottle of whiskey. 
And her vagina tasted EXACTLY like a slim jim 
i was so high i thought his mole came off and was flying around 
that shirt you're wearing that says "officially single" makes me think you'll be that way for a really long fucking time. 
Considering that my ex-wife dumped me to become a lesbian, the Universe owes me a threesome. 
i just ate that cheese stick that was in my purse from last night. 
last night i was so high that when a homeless person asked me for a dollar, i responded: dolla dolla bill ya'll. 
Sorry about teling your dad i'd have sex with him last night in front of your mom while i was drunk 
I felt like Norm from Cheers walking into the free clinic. 
Don't threaten to terrorize my ass hole unless you have to wherewithal to back it up 
You know you have a problem when the only thing that saves you is that you drank so late into the night that you sleep through the designated walk of shame time window 
And no, shaving doesn't make it look bigger, either 
this is like her 8th guy since december, is she wasn't frumpy people would call her a whore 
Don't use my boy Weezy to support your whoreish tendencies. 
she kept yelling 'call me bella' 
HE had a tribal tattoo tramp stamp, jasmine. 
Anyone ask you how much a bj cost yet? That shirt is so whorish 
ok now this is the second time he's reffered to recieving a blow job as 'getting his pee pee sucked' 
my little brother just caught me blowing my step cousin in the lobby bathroom at our family reunion 
I think I sharted a yagerbomb. 
He just spent five minutes trying to sling shot a cheese-it off his dick and into my mouth. 
There is an asian family here, I heard the mom call her son onyong 
Im in Brooklyn, he wasnt 23 or a musician pick me up 
its like an ocean threw up right in your lap 
Question: If I woke up with one eyebrow mysteriously missing, do I shave the other one to match? 
operation "beaches make me wet" is a go 
Words of Wisdom: ordering a pitcher of whiskey cokes, putting a straw in it, and calling it your drink is not socially acceptable 
Ok so serious question: if one wanted to say the plural of mongoose, would it be mongooses or mongeese? 
quick I need to know all the foods that the very hungry caterpillar ate 
Living right is spending a lot of time in someone's ass 
i keep myself tagged when other girls look bad/ugly so i look better 
I meant the "stage" gay, Not the "bend me over and call me Gary" gay. 
When i light up a cigarette people look at of like i'm going to pee on their children. 
Every time I find out someone else from high school got pregnant accidentally, I want to declare victory over them. 
I too understand the importance of cheesy bread 
watching a depressing episode of spongebob while high is the most depressing thing i have ever experienced 
Mines from giving head on hardwood floors. 
Dear man in the lobby please go play whith yourself elsewhere 
my roommate just caught me washing a dildo in the sink. 
We fish bowled my car and anna told us a story about time travel and part of it had people melted into the side of a boat and i imagined them being melted into my car moaning in pain and then we got scared and thought zombies were outside and couldn't leave for a while. 
Myspace is for pedophiles and tweakers in the 818 trying to hook up. I always forget theres music there too 
Its like common courtesy of dating, the guy pays for the weed, just like dinner 
Hey I found a place that'll do a hand job for 42 bucks 
I've blown a few things in my day 
Think about all of the events that have led to this: me sitting in the back of my classroom drinking beer out of a taco bell cup, telling the teacher I have to leave early to go to an AA meeting. 
Check if I'm alive tomorrow. If not, tell my parents I died happy and that there's a gay cheerleader in the spare bedroom 
I just let someone steal something bc they were so fucking weird and wouldn't leave me alone 
My superpower would be to be able to make a chick instantly start her period just by thinking about it 
its like he missed a chap in the "being a guy" handbook and read the bible instead 
I wish I was a guy so I could jack myself off anytime I wanted to 
Being pregnant is so damn inconvenient for my sex life. 
Just got caught pissing on a plant in her room while she was in the shower first word out of my mouth were my bad 
i'm going to be one of those im-wearing-a-shirt-as-a-dress girls today. dont make fun of me, i need laid 
I should be sponsored by Trojan 
her teeth looked like a whores toenails, i was too horrified to 
feel weird hangin out with you now that i've eaten your sister out 
would it be inappropriate to describe you with the phrase "bigass titties"? 
So tell me more about the cum that came out of your nose 
He uses pillows to masturbate. 
He is an equal opportunity slut. 
Literally like 10 people walking in my building talking about how much they hate draco 
it really sends the message that i like to impregnate mortal women and have them birth fantastic half man-half god infants. 
as soon as you compare a person to an animal, all sexual interest is out the window 
I haven't been this sober since birth. 
upper decked the toilet at the restaurant that wouldn't let me pee there yesterday 
The way you explained my vagina was exactly the way I would of described my breakfast burrito. 
Capitaan dildo arrescate! 
like what am i supposed to say "im thinking of how bad that sex was"? 
the roller ball on my blackberry is the closest i've come to touching a clit in 2 years. 
Im starting to realize why people dont masturbate while driving 
If I had a nickel for every time somebody called me a bad person I would have enough money to check into rehab 
She was lying in bed moaning while eating a Snickers and masturbating. 
She asked to borrow my chapstick then said "I promise I won't get herpes on it" 
There was something that i liked about you, but you spent it 
Penelope Cruz needs to learn American words. 
you just love her because she lets you bang her with fruits and veggies! 
Pete just told the whole party I'm a squirter 
How do 1 in 4 women misread a pregnancy test; how stupid are women? 
for on dont try to tell me you love me after three weeks of talking, for two if you are going to do that stay away from the song lyrics to a very good country song that you happened to ruin by using it, and for three erase my number im fuckin your sister now 
I need to find out who his wife is so I can fuck her before he gets to mine. 
I just told her she was a heartbeat above a blowup doll. 
is there any particular reason you took a shit in a zip lock bag and left it in my refrigerator? 
I just googled dawgpound, shoulda seen that pornsite coming 
I just remembered Dan asking me all polite in the middle of sex "do you mind if I get behind you?" that was the most polite way I've been asked to do it doggy style 
My penis is bigger than his and I don't even have a penis. 
My dick has been asking about u. He said he didn't do anything wrong n I'm a dumbass 
Also do the "tongue the pee-hole" thing. 
Why does it say "go to Planned Parenthood tomorrow" on my dry-erase board? 
Words of wisdom-never eat a peanut-butter covered banana on a construction site ever again 
ive come to realize my hair is a lot like my vagina. i put a bunch of shit in it with no result 
my periods are so regular now that they are sync-ed with my subscriptions of vogue. 
ya i vaguely remember microwaving a whole package of bacon for 20 minutes or so and then eating it all around 4am 
you were so high you were expressing yourself in action figures 
Are you going to tell your therapist we boned? 
we put on a show in the hot tub for our boyfriends, then climbed out and both got down on our hands and knees and puked at the same time--still naked. 
im in a room full of women tattooing each others tits. i hope i remember this tomorrow 
I think we should start referring to bisexuals as "strays" 
sometimes i really wish you were a nugget. 
I know i'm drunk when the "men" sign on the bathroom sounds chinese 
don't read that magazine bro. I came in it 
so wait, they're fucking, but it doesn't count as cheating cause they only do anal? 
sexting loses it's worth when you accidentally text your boss. 
i am fully taking advantage of taking advantage of him 
my penis says it needs to be in something. my phonebook says its you 
Dipping chips in queso and thinking of your beautiful face 
Every time he makes fun of me for anything I just remind myself he ate ice cream out of a strippers vagina 
That ginger could cleveland steamer me and it would still be the best day of my life 
obama could have borrowed sotomayor's dick when he threw out that that first pitch like a girl last night 
My Hamptons summer hookup resume reads like a walk-in clinic waiting list. 
Dude, Her having kids just means she puts out. 
She announced her abortion via fbk 
he wouldnt have sex with me because his guild had a misson on world of warcraft. 
I'm either too drunk or not bisexual anymore 
her lazy eye was starring daggers at me. 
Princeton has an emergency contraception worldwide website. It is in moments like these that I love my university 
Was it a mistake telling him I couldn't get the abortion until I was 2 months along on the first date? 
I wish everyone could be as happy as the people in the laxative commercials. 
If there is ever a next time, care about me enough to lube it up no matter what my drunk ass says 
sometimes i wish i could just stick a turkey baster up there and suck out the blood 
So apparently when I roll on X I find 'dick ina box' not only hilarious but also sexually arousing. 
i just renamed my vag "the sorting hat" 
DUDE DUDE I JUST GOT TH E BEST IDEA FOR A CHILDRENS BOOK "If You Give A Girl A Blow Job" 
She left me with blue balls so I jerked off on her french toast in the morning. 
She went to college and exploded out of the slut closet. 
Wow, t9 really hates the phrase "slap her in her sanctimonious pie-hole." 
I wish my grandma would stop using the phrase "he pulled out" when she's talking about her contractor quitting his job. 
Quick, to the slutcave! 
The worst thing about having a parent with a prius is that they can walk in on you without any warning 
now i know why i became what i already was. 
And i was thinking, 'i'm happy to be underneath you, but i wish you weren't doing THAT.' 
Her vagina was like a man-sized safe. 
you would pick up someone in the library 
I don't apprectiate you insinuating that my breasts have a sort of bremuda triangle effect 
tequila makes my crab dance SOOOO much better 
I've slept with so many tools that you'd think my pussy was Home Depot. 
I'm pretty sure that every show on ABC Family could be turned into a drinking game. 
My cat gives me a boner 
I've decided that life's journeys are more fun when your moral compass hangs in front of you and swings with each step 
you'd think he'd be slightly more humble with a penis that small 
Phease come get me i thought i was in a place i don't even understand 
I could make wine with my vomit 
im poppin the ladies like they're bacne 
I swear I have "I love assholes" written on my forehead with ink that only guys can see. 
That's why girls suck all the time. Blah blah nag nag drama drama buy me things but I won't touch your penis 
Through a series of unfortunate circumstances, I think I just sprayed lime juice on my vagina. 
she's basically destroyed all of the faith i had that skinny blond girls could be a functioning part of society. 
She says ass holes are for stuffing, the verb, not stuffing, the noun. 
Remember back in the day when getting fingered in the movie theater was the best thing ever? 
sometimes in life you just needs hand puppets 
what do you mean I googled how to give an awesome blow job? 
is her vagina suppost to smell like dirty taco bell? 
i've come to the conclusion that there is no classy way to apply chloroseptic spray to your butthole. 
i think the fact that he graduated high school the year i graduated elementary school is sexy. 
im six kinds of drunk right now 
Sometimes, dog treats look like people treats. 
At this point, I would light birthday candles in my vagina for free drinks 
we are driving next to a guy driving and masturbating while looking at a naked magazine. I love LA 
It's a sad day when you realize you are no longer above fucking in movie theater bathrooms. 
and next time when you feel me up, do it right 
did he really ask u insert a warm banna in ur anal? 
Im at a strip club, and the dancer just farted into my face. The bad part about that is I could taste the wings I bought her earlier 
I was born with a shot glass in my hand 
apparently i peed in my fridge last night because my vegetable drawer was filled with it. 
shouldn't i get a discount if shes pregnant? 
Dear male population: sorry for being such a dick tease but thanks for paying for my bar tab and drunk food 
Unless I'm getting a singing midget telegram, I'm not going to smile 
living well may be the best revenge, but it doesn't hurt that my exhusband is now dating a BEAST. 
Michelle and I recorded her bunny humping it's little rubber black ball. 
I just got hit in the face by an old lady love handle. 
Hows this for an invention: a toilet that weighs your poop 
All I remember is yelling at him to admit he liked Bon Jovi, then accusing him of giving love a bad name. 
i wanna stay in my bed and fart for a few more hours 
he just told me about his fetish for rubbing grape jelly on his penis. 
We have had massive layoffs this year, yet the guy who cant flush his shit seems to still have a job 
Do I need to let your sister outside to go pee or anything before I leave? 
i dont think my boyfriend knows how much of a pain it is to shave my ass 
Facebook really needs to add a bikini picture profile tab for girls, it would really save me countless amounts of time! 
I guess what I'm trying to say is you've fucked more people than the economy. 
I'm in that akward stage between jailbait and cougar 
Instead of peeing my cute lil blue panties I peed in the train parking lot in front of an asian. 
so i decided not to tell her that her fiance is cheating since i already bought the bridesmaid dess 
She told me I was starting to look like a mermaid with herpes and I needed to stop it. 
By the way, shout wipes are a gift from god for people that throw up on themselves. 
woke up and her hair clip was clamped around my shaft 
Add "its too hot" to reasons why I don't get fucked anymore 
Her gag reflex was as absent as a father figure must have been in her childhood 
what are u so afraid of ive smelled ur poop before 
it makes me cry that so many people are going to see you naked someday. 
I've heard semen is good for your skin though, so that pimple on my chin should clear right up. 
dude i dont realllllly have to fuck her do i? its just a mess down there and i think im gonna cry 
Your mom has a birthmark right next to her nipple 
I need to stop coming to work sober 
i mean i'm ok with bufu but if i'm gonna do it it needs to be a mutual agreement, and there are steps that need to be taken. you don't just go OOPS we're doing it now 
do you know why i have a volvo grill taped to the back of my car? 
it's just weird having a massive boner in the morning when you could have used it the night before. 
Sandwiches eeeeeeverywhere. 
You give one guy a hand job and suddenly everyone wants to get with you 
i should write a book entitled 'the joys of being sexually objectified' 
i don't care who i fucked last night, until im at 43plus im not considering myself slutty 
who are you and why are you in my phone as dr. seuss 
I'm pretty sure "Like A Prayer" will forever remind me of drunk nights & pants down around the ankles 
I just Googled "how to lose weight but still be an alcoholic." 
It feels like he gave my taint an indian burn. 
Well maybe next time you won't tell me to do whatever I want. 
So I used to make fun of texas a lot, then I got here and I found a place where I could get my tequila in a to go cup with a straw and I realized that this is the only place I ever want to be 
i was so high it looked like the chipmunks movements were coordinated to that lady gaga song 
There is somethin about your sexuality that makes my dick do jumping jacks when I see you 
Should I feel badly because I just bought a really hot pregnant girl a drink after I lit her cigarette? 
the truckdriver in the lane next to me just looked down and motorboated in my direction. 
her vagina probably looks like a grenade went off in a deli 
this beer tastes like vomit already 
if you call bong hits and onion rings a party, then yeah 
THEY JUST PLAYED KISS FROM A ROSE TONIGHT IS PERFECT 
Last night i was so high that i came home and did a taste test of every vitamin water and wrote theyre grade down on paper. 
These people need to leave so I can have rum and Doritos at work like every other American. 
Dude, I would hit that so hard that whoever could pull me out would become the king of England 
i have accomplished my summer goal of being able to relate to every taylor swift song 
So thats when I found out ur supposed to put the penut butter on your balls not your dogs balls, feels alot better 
Tickle wars 95% of the time end in sex. 
If you're on a tempurpedic mattress do you think you can feel if someone is jacking off right next to you? 
in jail i did the beyonce ass shake for the police officers & called Sally from my collect phone in my cell & started singing "im in JAAAIL IM IN JAAAIL", 
If i could tip my vagina, i would. 
I lined up everyone's pillows and I'm playing Evel Knievel when I jerk off later. 
guess who just trotted in eating her oats and wagging her penis 
i know he has to tuck it when he gets excited in public and all, but now he is just starting to show off. 
I'm not going to blow you while you look at fish on the internet. 
all I remember was being half naked drinking water on my hands and knees from her dogs water bowl. 
my last 3 google searches were anal itchy vagina and ice cubes 
oh God, I have a dick of a middle schooler 
I dont ever wanna see you tell my little brother to "spread the seed" ever again 
ppl dont tell me stories about anal. apparently im not a tell-me-stories-about-anal kind of person 
He should be on Bizare Foods after who he ate last night 
just got my goo swallowed for the first time. colors seem so much more vivid now, and more rainbows are outside 
Wow, this guy is harder to get rid of than gum in pubic hair 
We should be called the Road Head Warriors 
MY DAD AND I ARE ON OUR WAY OUT OF FLORENCE AND I JUST SAW A MAN AT A BUS STOP WITH A GIMP HAND SLAP HIS DAUGHTER ACROSS THE FACE WITH IT. 
i don't know whats more disturbing, that his dog drooled directly into my mouth or that i was too drunk and tired to do anything except let it be there. 
I'm timing the release of my poops to the sound of the machine gun from the video game he's playing in the living room. 
he thought i was a dude. 
I am too pretty for them to be this angry at me. 
i just heard my neighbor say from outside my window "i don't give a shit what he does, what the hell am i gonna do with my son's penis?" 
I had a talk with my mom about respecting myself and not acting like a whore so she will rip my nose ring out if she somehow sees that picture 
Why is it that you only get to have sex when you haven't shaved your legs in six weeks and are wearing period stained granny panties? 
she definitely has that "I'll bang you, but then I'll tell your girlfriend" look to her. 
so he just left - touched my cheek like he was gona kiss me and then gave me a fist bump? 
apparently it's okay for him to stick his dick in my mouth but not to let me have a can of diet pepsi for the road. 
I least I know I can't get pregnant because it's on my hair 
so high. i feel like my whole body is a boner 
Its like Laser Tag, but more fun because it ends in sex 
thats the only time ive ever had sloppy firsts 
guy picked up a cops taser, thing shot him in the neck, he went down and pissed himself, cop started laughing and hasnt called an ambulance. 
At what point did I decide it would be a good idea to fill my contact case with vodka 
When my girlfriend drinks sangria it's like winning the vagina lottery 
whats a more ladylike way to say "fuck me on your lunch break"? 
and pubic hair rears its ugly head again 
There's an amish chick decked out in amish clothes on a cell phone staring at me. 
giving a blow job on a jetski isn't as easy as it sounds. 
i want you to feel like i'm letting you into my heart, not just my vagina. 
If hangovers were people John Goodman would be living in my skull trying to eat the back of my eyes 
We basically counted to 3 and then dumped each other. 
Let's just say he looked at my vagina like it was a rubics cube. 
I think you should know he took my pants (buttons and zippers included) and my thong off with his mouth alone. I found my husband 
there hasn't been a girl guy ratio this good since a guy jumped on one of the Titanic life rafts 
Did you know nanny-cams work just as well for recording that blow job on the sofa? 
According to my dad, my tongue ring makes people assume I give a lot of blow jobs because, as stated by him "that's what it's for" 
i told her parents not too worry the way i do it girls dont get pregnant 
shotgunning a bud heavy is like shotgunning a turkey sandwich 
her vagina looked like bernie madoff 
Well we can cross off dogs, dating sites, and real life as ways to help you meet a chick. 
First rule of pills: If you can't remember what it is, take half. 
i was high and broke so i stole a roast chicken and a 40 inch sheet cake from wegmans and ate in a bathroom stall. 
atleast your grandma didn't give you her USED dildo just so you wouldn't have sex. 
just won a stolen shopping cart in a dance off in a parking lot. 
i make out with random ppl when i drink he shouldnt feel special 
Oh my god you would drunk register for a marathon. 
If my vagina had boots, it would be shaking in them. 
My mom just told me that after i turned eight i stopped growing mentally and emotionally 
be a good friend and just tell me i'm not pregnant 
I just spent the last hour spooning with my drug dealer. 
his logic is that since hes already cheated on her w me its doesnt count 
Three 40's of Mickeys, is no excuse to be naked at Baskin Robins. 
Yeah, but thats the third time she's peed on me. 
i'm so desperate for a drink right now i looked up the recipe to make pruno 
No it only became awkward when she walked in with her new boyfriend and we realized we'd all banged her 
What can I expect? While all of my friends are getting married, all of his friends are tripping on robitussin 
I think she just tried to waterboard me with her vagina. 
theres a middle aged lesbian couple holding hands on the bus and a 17 or 18 year old christian girl visibly staring freaked out and audibly praying about it 
What part of "waking up in the crawl space of my house with a raccoon" sounds like a good night to you? 
In hindsight, i should have predicted that a drink called the 'rocky mountain bear fucker' would not end in a pleasant experience 
I wish I could rss feed the hooker ads on craigslist because it looks suspicious that I check craigslist every hour. 
He keeps saying he loves me and ruining perfectly good conversations. 
he drunkenly confessed to whacking off before coming over so the sex'd be longer. this one's a keeper 
Just figured out how to smoke weed with a toaster. 
i wish there were pregnant emoticons 
I was rubbing the clit just like wikipedia told me to. 
no, its his 'welcome back from rehab' party. 
Just got a citation from campus security for an "accordion disturbance." 
So My parents cut me off after I started making blood marys with hienz ketchup 
I think I'd remember a dick in my mouth 
it's a shame restraining orders have to come between me and my relationships 
I think condoms have that nasty latex smell to remind you in the morning of how gross you are. 
Apparently I masturbate in my sleep now. 
at this rate if someone im actually interested in likes me back im going to die of surprise before i even get to make out with them 
they need to just BURY HIM! 
My underwear smells like fireworks. 
all we need is a shotglass and a helicopter. 
It was like his mom forgot to breastfeed him and he was making up for lost time. 
I can tell how much and what I drank by my morning shits 
You flung your panties at that guy you liked with an accuracy that I have never seen before. 
Sometimes I get depressed that my son is too young to understand how hot his babysitter is. 
lesson #67 learned in college: a three day old margarita, is still a margarita. 
I play with my boobs when I'm bored. I playwith my nipples whe I'm drunk 
i just dont know how to see an unattractive person as more than a friend 
i soberly give you permission to do that to me when im drunk 
Is making out on a toilet while he is sitting down and pissing weird? cause that's what happened last night 
have you ever noticed that homeless people never have acne. suck it proactive 
i dont know whats so great about being respectable. 
You keep asking me questions like I have this magical thing called a memory 
Aren't I supposed to sit on your face? 
I wish facebook had a fuck off button. 
apparently went to arby's at 2:30am banging on the windows for someone to make me a "beefy" 
I don't know which is more embarrassing, the fact that I shat on the floor today or that I told you about it. 
Decided to write a book called "girls don't poop and other myths I wish I still believed in" 
He famously once noted that women should wear white "like all other domestic appliances," 
Once again you get dinner and all I get is semen on my leg 
he chased her out of the bar yelling "TAKE MY VIRGINITY" and i havent seen her since 
I wanted to tell him he wasn't actually in me, but my god, awkward? 
She can't keep using her latex allergy as an excuse to go bareback with everyone. 
I let some guy put hot sauce in my asshole for his birthday 
i just saw my boxers from 2 days ago stuck in a tree 4 miles from my house 
It saddens me that girls will never know the wonder feeling of pulling your sweaty nutsack off of your leg. 
just fell over trying to sit on the toliet like a robot. 
he made me salute his american flag boxers before i took them off 
is this the only place in the world where you can get shot on one side of town, and have to stop for cows crossing the street on the other side? 
I feel like if your cat could talk she would call me a cunt. 
I think it's just because she's got "I'll sleep with anyone with a decent car" written all over her face. 
The more I sober up, the more sick I am/realize how weird dancing around a wine bottle was 
i can't believe i had my finger in that 
He lets me throw up in him even if i do it mistakeily- erica talking about the toilet 
He better hope I dont die soon. Because I would haunt his bitch ass and cock block 24/7 
there's just something about her that screams "i'm into chicks who wear flannel" 
Please don't call me names while I'm carrying your child. 
he threw mangos from the tree he was in at people and got arrested for harassment 
i must have dtf stamped on my forehead 
Just remembered I told my boss that matt used to make me toss his salad like every time we hooked up. Nice 
I have a love/hate relationship when men come within a 10 minute time frame. 
True love is taking a shit with the one you love in the bathroom with you. 
This isn't the rejection hotline, is it? 
I have so many mobile devices now, I only use my laptop for porn. 
your transformation into a slut upon entering college is like a shakespearian tragedy 
Could guys at least pretend I require some amount of money to be spent before I randomly go down on them? 
bad idea #53- masterbating while on period. 
Girls don't like it when you cum inside them and then discuss baby names. 
Sandra Bullock looks like the most recent Michael Jackson 
i watch way too much csi for them to even pretend to be my friend. 
is it sad that i can masturbate and get my big O just from thinking about a Tiffany engagement ring? 
Honey, If i waited till marriage I wouldnt know what a dick tasted like. 
New rule: no balls on the kitchen counter. 
even in the morning, she still thinks my british accent is real. 
That girl's pussy is like White Castles, you crave it once in awhile, but you know next morning you regret eating it. 
I just want to know how you cleaned her puke off the twister mat with no gloves. And didn't throw up 
he shaved USA in his pubs 
How'd it feel making her break her religion? 
WHY DIDN'T ANYON E TELL ME SHE WAS SIXTEEN 
So I finally got the Patron washed off my boobs. 
the not having weed thing wouldnt be nearly as tragic if it wasnt the one holiday where they launch bright flaming things into the air 
yay america 4th of july drinking game. take a drink every time you hear or see a firework, finish your drink for a mention of mj or the gosselins, a shot for the words democracy,hope, freedom, terrorism 
i went to toss her salad and she had a toilet paper clinger on one of the hairs 
Ohh the wonderful, yet disgusting things she can do with her hair 
i mean really, i cant compete with a cucumber 
i was unaware that anal sex sometimes ends with shit on the bed. 
Thank you for leaving pool of vagina on my girlfriends carpet. 
If I sit on the seam of my jeans just the right way when the bass hits, this might be my new favorite band. 
No better way to find a friend than to offer cyber sex and see what happens 
what i wouldnt give for a night at orourkes without seeing 3+people ive slept with 
I just queefed in yoga class and now the old man next to me is smiling at me. 
She told me a very interesting story, complete with pantomimes, about how she got a habanero seed in her vag 
i just broke my key off in the door of my house because the engine wasnt starting 
Reason #82 that I need to get laid: my pubes are getting split ends. 
next time dont tell jokes :) miss bonerkill 
I really think my ability to vom without making noise mmight be my most useful talent 
I just spent the last two hours on the phone with Emily trying to explain to her how to finger herself. 
No, I'm a firm believer in "Swallow or it isn't love." 
It's a sad day when you have to slightly move your fupa to shave. 
i always forget guys have bellybuttons 
I think my favourite thing about cubicles is the fact that I can pick my nose at work 
Make me a promise>>> if you ever see the brats from that tv show NYC Prep walking around, you will trip them, and you wil throw drinks on them 
ok, i just want to know who did it and which end it came out of 
in retrospect, sexting while high was a mistake - I meant to say "I'll fuck you stupid, baby" but of course I said "I'll fuck your stupid baby" 
the quote on the bathroom wall was "stop reading this and focus on peeing" and i realized i'd peed on the seat. 
Sex on a kitchen table is not as amazing as they make is seem in the movies. 
hey, here's something you don't have worry about since you're a girl: finding crusty cum in your bellybutton. 
question - sack: should she or should she not play with it during foreplay? 
If she's not going to maintain the upkeep of her vag then I'm not going to pay the rent of being her boyfriend 
Not only is chick snoring like a 48 year old man but she's farting in rhythm 
Spencer Pratt, I WILL beat the shit out of you someday, I Promise 
woke up to moans and hushed"we can't do this with him in here." hope they had a good time 
You know you love balls. Don't act all "I-Don't-Love-Balls-ish" 
I needed to borrow my dads nail clippers and next to it was an industrial size box of condoms if that wasnt bad enough I dropped the clippers behind the bed and discovered hundreds of used condoms 
The worst thing that has ever happened to me happened today. I was taking donations at goodwill and someone donated a clearly used vibrator 
I'm glad you talked me out of that flying penis tattoo. 
In retrospect, it was a terrible idea, going down on her with these ulcers in my mouth. 
she took her clothes off and my dick went from =====> to => 
is it sad that pink shorts and cowboy hats remind me of getting jizz in the hair? 
In Vegas, have spent the last 48 hours wearing a viking helmet and fanny pack. I consider this to be a career high since drinking is my career 
this girl looks like the female version of brooke hogan 
I only gave you my number because I thought fat people were jolly 
how hairy? two words: wookie tits 
I'm so over stopping myself from talking about my sexual experiences in front of children. 
My grandmother just explained bulimia to me as a diet 
Is there a "Plan B" app for my iphone? 
She looked like her face caught fire, and someone put it out with a screwdriver. 
I'm good, just tired from chardonnay and giving hand jobs. 
WTF why am I in the Atlanta airport? 
I just changed her number in my phone to "You Wouldn't If You were Sober" 
I wish i could clap on, clap off my penis 
I cant wait for the day that I tell my daughter I named her after my favorite porn star. 
sometimes i just want to live alone. my roommate keeps looking at me weird like hes never seen a girl eat plain salt before 
My mom just drunkenly told me i was conceived in the back of a car, at a Bon Jovi concert. 
is the fantasy fufillment of sex in a hot tub worth the possible infection? 
I just had a dude tell me how he got fired from friendly's for tripping a kid and followed the story with "If i'm gonna do it, I do it big." 
Please stop trying to convince people that you're retarded and I suck your dick in the same conversation. 
he looked about as manly as a guy in a volkswagen bug can look 
The only thing I've had to eat today was the half eaten sausage biscuit I found on my chest when I woke up this morning. 
Who tried to make mustard cubes with the ice cube tray? 
I could have mohawked her pubes. 
even through the webcam i could tell he was aiming for my face/hair 
I really wish i had a penis so i could dick slap that bitch right now 
I wonder how skeet ulrich feels about the skeet skeet phrase and and what it denotes. 
Anthony wouldn't know good sex if it sat on his face 
Sorry, I don't speak sober. 
Nothing says "I love you" like a full raw dog. 
I am spending my child support on dildos 
i thought i was pinching her nipple. It was her mole 
I was totally willing to let her keep giving me blowjobs as long as she didn't think we were in a relationship. 
we both passed out while playing beer pong, woke up in the morning and continued to play coffee pong to cure our hangovers 
Something in my vomit makes me think I shouldn't have had that slurpee 
Yay Minnesota! I can't believe there's now a US Senator who has taken more acid than we have 
speaking of unleashing monsters, we need to get condoms 
I definitely ripped a mole off of her back in the process 
Why must guys tell girls who are a little bigger that "they like a girl with meat on her bones?" Yeah needless to say he went home alone 
Can't remember why I called but it definitely had something to do with Lou Bega 
She made me repeat after her: "I take responsibility for what I put in my own mouth." 
Currently having a discussion about how bad cheating is with the girl im dating and the girl im fucking. This might be a sign that i need to reassess my life 
I think she would actually eat a penis if anyone was brave enough to let one near her mouth 
I looked at my own cervix. 
cant go down on her man, her vagoo reminds me of a face hugger from aliens 
if i get an abortion, then will you go out with me? 
I cant talk right now they are about to fuck again 
we black-lighted her bedspread and it looked like a jackson pollock painting. 
He went through and tagged himself on my crotch in all of my facebook pics 
I kind of had a moment like that kid whose mom cancelled his WoW subscription, except I didn't try to shove a remote control up my own ass. 
Is it wrong to want to cut a hole in the Tigger suit so I can molest you while I wear it? 
Her sister's ass was worth my getting thrown out of the house. 
i can smell the iron from margo's period blood from across the table. 
whatcha mean you cant get rid of genital warts? thats not what my girlfriend says 
what kind of morning-after breakfast implies 'thanks for the sex, but i'm not gonna call you ever again'? 
I just spent $27 on things to pee on. 
hey my socially awkward cousin is our designated driver for summer, we just have to put up with her wierd shit. 
it was like his penis was on wheels. 
So I've decided that when I turn 50 and have to have a colonoscopy I'm going to leave a surprise for the doctor to find. 
Her dad smelled like someone lit a fart and burned their ass hairs. 
Laziness has reached now heights if you too unmotivated to buy pot 
Someone should tell Glenda that I only hang with her because she makes me look prettier. 
Do you ever creep on the girls you have banged and wondered how their walk of shame went? 
i'm like carrie bradshaw but prettier and with a penis 
that's an acceptable place to lick 
And i quote: "where's y'alls from comin' in with them accents?" - from a mississipi mcdonalds 
Just incase you were wondering, the count of ladies who have perioded on chairs at our fine restaurant is now at 3. 
He had personality for days, but cock for only minutes 
I just watched the Dark knight, Maggie Gylennhaal looks like Katie Holmes after a stroke 
considering you've had every STD known to man, you think if i sent you a picture of my dick (no homo) you could tell me whats growing on it? 
I've rolled joints bigger than that penis. 
I wonder what it would be like to be a slice of cheese. 
I think I took your hangover as a birthday present 
Moved my bed either I'm a whore or every guy I have ever slept with hid condom wrappers under my bed 
Note to self: never go down on a girl first thing in the morningits like opening a grilled cheese sandwich 
Yeah next time you are over I'll let you beat it on her pillows and you will feel better. 
just a forewarning-if you come home and hang out with your stupid girlfriend the entire time that you are here/fail to get wasted with us i will wish either death upon you or that you truly do turn gay when you return to the navy. 
If I were a woman I'd fill my water bra with liquor so that I could sip on it throughout the day. 
We were having sex on the balcony and this guy walked by, so drunkily i said "dont move, he cant see us if we dont move." 
I saved him in my fone as special pumba. he was just pumba but then he found me drugs 
so later when i'm crying over him remind me that he once called his penis "senor weeper" 
My carpet still smells like piss and I THINK YOU KNOW WHY. 
You'll be the first to get a "it's herpes simplex 1" cigar. 
If you are in NYC and not seeing anyone, you should come fucke me now because:1 i am not in love with you anymore, 2 i am drunk enough where i won't feel the n eed to kisx you awardly to avoid your beard, 3we have unfinished business that i wpn't get -assed unyil orgass have been had, 4 i really really want to 
and those juicy C cups turned out to be oddly-shaped A's when her padded bra came off. 
Fat chicks shouldn't bartend 
We even fucked WHILE he was making me breakfast in bed. 
That girl would be great looking if she lost 1000 pounds and cut off her head. 
She knew it was going down when I had her search for "condoms" in my iPhone Maps. 
Nyc is like a mosaic of my failed dates. 
My mom just told me that the key to a successful marriage is never seeing your partner take a shit. 
Your brother just successfully got half the bar mostly naked 
can we please move this conversation out of my vagina? 
Never name a vibrator after ashton kutcher 
Im mastering the way to pass gas silently. 
when im not freaking out about dying alone and unloved, i actually really enjoy being single 
i guess its not very common for a paramedic to have to revive someone who was struck by a falling shampoo bottle while getting off from the bathtub faucet. 
Mmmm, vodka for breakfast 
That girl would be way hotter if she changed her face. 
I find it ironic that homeless people are so good in bed 
I enjoy that i have a whole shelf of clothes that I've accumulated from random sex. You know the ones you get to make the morning after look less awkward like similar to an athletes trophy shelf 
my house keeper must think I'm a prostitute. 
i am not above fucking your little sister on your bed 
New discovery: doing the Helen Keller is not as attractive as I thought it would be, in reference to the sex noises. 
i was watching iron chef and got motivated, so i made dinosaur chicken nuggets 
Funny thing- my attraction to each one is inversely proportional to his level of availability. 
apparently the secret to your success is patron 
I dont understand how a fully grown man could convince himself that lime green crocks would look good on him. 
Im eating ham and mustard naked, watching south park, but its totally cool cuz the paper plate is covering my nuts 
it turns out vodka filled condoms arent that funny 
Since you didn't call me back last night, I can only assume that in 9 months you're going to have a child that I'm going to refer to as, "Daddy's little mistake in Miami." 
Sex on a trampoline was so worth getting a mosquito bite on my penis 
Why does lindsey know I was naked in the kitchen? 
I just found 'pokemon orgy' in my search history 
shes the kind of girl i dont like to talk to unless my penis is in her mouth. 
is it bad that the economy has gotten so bad that finding cheap gas gives me the same excitement and joy as finding a hot, blonde haired, blue eyed, tall, athletic single straight guy? 
One can only hope that this night would end with my thumb in another humans rectum. 
1 of the best things of being a business owner is I don't get fired for having sex in the office 
is it bad that while shopping i looked specifically for clothes that hold their form after taking them off and putting them on again and again? 
I am now Facebook friends with Donkey Lips from Salute Your Shorts 
new midget porn idea. Wizard of Jizz: Munchkins Revenge 
I see an opportunity for you to use your nakedness to cure my boredom. 
When I saw him standing at full height, I realized exactly how much his body structure reminds me of his penis. 
Who did Billy Mays play for? 
I did that thing where I cum for no reason again. 
I may or may not have slept in someones apt on your street because they told me I was fun sized like a mini snickers 
I was going to clean my house but wine sounded better 
Do you think they'll have a special part during the BET awards for Michael Jackson even though he turned white? 
Last night I fell down in the street (I think in someone's vomit), cut my knee up, lost my moms necklace and my license, and had to walk back to the hotel. 
i found a dude playing guitar on the portapotty 
I wish i knew how bad drinking and hieghts were before i got up here 
there is nothing more satisfying than playing sudoku while pooping 
They should really pass out barf bags in church 
So i decided to deal with the awkwardness of last night by making out with all three of them 
Puking blue powerade in mcdonalds parking lot to the applause of the guy taking out the trash with man in the mirror blasting in the background. Good morning stl 
ohhh my god. this party should be titled "my hookups of summers past" be expecting some good stories tomorrow 
Michael Jackson had a heart attack when he found out boyz to men was a music group not a delivery service. 
My parents came down to check and make sure I wasn't into any mischief then proceeded to give me alcohol. 
Do you like marathons because that's how long I plan on fucking you. 
you would have Pina Colada flavored saliva. 
If she didn't want me to pass out in her bathroom, then she shouldn't have such a furry rug in there 
my mom just informed me that i masturbate loudly 
when my dick couldnt get hard she said "fly on little wing" 
4 words: hood of his car 
I really love her but I don't think I can go the rest of my life without anal. 
You admitted to me in secrecy that you want to jerk off a unicorn. 
You know, if there were no such thing as marriage, i don't think porn would exist. 
I don't know where I am, but its a Goosebumps novel waiting to happen. 
we made out on top of his cat. 
Somedays I wish I were a bird. Then people wouldn't be so grossed out when I vomit 
From behind she looks like Richard Simmons 
highlight from tonight: i hit on her and her mother. 
i feel like barbie the morning after an elton john party 
just the thought makes me want to clean my vag with a clorox wipe 
Am I the only person who thinks Megan Fox looks totally like a Thai lady boy with a serious tanning bed fix? 
apparently red wine has the total opposite effect that whiskey does on his dick 
I swear, if I find out you're lying, I'm going to put your name on one of those herpes watch websites and put the link up on every social networking site in existence. 
Is it sad i was sitting here thinkin how i would only fuck Rob Pattinson if he was glittery at said time. 
Dude, she's so old there's a chalk outline where her reproductive organs used to be. 
My wife caught me jerking off, I had to tell her I was thinking bout her 
Its about making memories worth repressing 
I just watched a trucker jack off to a picture of Ellen DeGeneres at a truck stop in Nebraska. 
It was amazing what she could do with her one good arm. 
life lesson learned today: sleeping pills and laxatives don't mix. 
i just overheard my mom tell my dad he should drink less so he could hit the right hole 
i wish starbucks made bloody marys 
we have to go try and show our tits so we can get ID-free drinks at applebees 
I don't know what's more sad: The fact that he fingered the side of my leg, or the fact that the side of my leg feels like a vagina. 
I've decided to film a documentary centered around how he manages to keep that beast caged in such tight pants 
Different chick, same blowjob, same parking lot. 
It all came flooding back to me: there was a woman with one hand 
I'm upset that MJ died and all but waking up to his face on my HDTV in the middle of the night while half-asleep is pretty much the scariest fucking thing ever. 
Facials are how you say "I love you" in porn star. 
do u think i could put an abortion on my debit card? 
If i see another girl turn you down you should either turn gay or just kill yourself 
Do you think Conan would leave his wife for me? 
i wish everyone could be as happy as the people in the laxative commericals 
Question: does he have any sense of self image? He looks slightly like he crawled out of the Euphrates after living as a fish for 20 years 
i love how you can even make your typing come across bitchy 
you know you're not getting laid when you start breaking awkward silences with quotes from Robot Chicken 
i hope thats the last time i ever see ryan's hairy ass fucking 
I wish I could still say I don't know that you taste like bad ice cream. 
How young is too young to ask my kid to make me a drink? 
I just told this girl who bought a pregnancy test "good luck" 
She described it as "a squirrel being hit by a hurricane" 
she was so ugly that the sight of her made me shiver and then i had to play it off like a draft blew by that only i felt. 
apparently i was offering everyone ambien and shouting, it's only like heath ledger if you want it to be! 
there's a guy here who looks like a hipster got a hold of obama and gave him a makeover. 
the "happy anniversary" cake for my mom and dad is about to turn into the "yeah, that's a hickey, welcome back from italy" cake. 
i killed an earwig and left its corpse on the wall as a warning 
We named our party play list daddy issues 
he texted me telling him i gave him the clap. but i think he gave it to me and i gave it back to him 
The walls in my apartment are so thin that sometimes when I fart, I stop to listen if people are laughing next door. 
I bet farrah fawcett is having words with michael jackson in heaven for stealing her thunder 
i think you shook his penis after he was done peeing. 
Sometimes, when I'm driving alone I talk to myself in a Russian accent so I think it's my mommy and it calms me down. 
I assume you are not resopnding because you are having sex thus i give you a text message high five 
I think horse shit smells the best of all shits. 
Marriage: a sacred union between one man and one woman, and another woman in Argentina. 
I really liked your hair last night but that style makes it really hard to hold it while you puke 
What do you think that old couple was thinking when they saw me puking in the QT parking lot at ten in the morning? 
just caught my little brother jacking off the family pet 
oh and i really hope miley falls off this mountain she is climbing 
I have no idea who these bands are he's listening to. If his current playlist was a pandora station, however, it would be titled "music for closet cock gobblers" 
Have you ever noticed that nowhere is the same thing as now here, i get my best ideas when i smoke 
Just cropdusted the office 
Question: why is there a dildo glued to my kitchen table? 
I'm convinced her vagina is similar to chernobyl, but I want to visit it for the novelty value anyway. 
Making out with married ex girlfriends: priceless 
i just ate something from under my fingernail. i dont know what it was, but it tasted half decent 
dude, best porn name ever, "the Hunt for Red Cocktober" 
if there werent so many compromising pictures of me in the hands of so many liberal friends, id consider going into politics 
Her cum face looks like the large marge scene in pee-wees big adventure 
Do u think I can claim pregnancy as an accident so my insurance covers it? 
I almost didn't recognize her with a shirt on. 
I don't think brook has ever known best 
when did we get to this "texting at random" level on friendship? 
Why are handjobs necessary in class? 
I plan on using my big titties for evil tonight. 
I'm sitting here watching a kid lick a basketball- where have i gone wrong in life? 
My text messages all automatically add Zs on them cause of your skank ass messages you send me 
Bad news: I had to be at work at 7:15. Good news: no one had used the bathroom yet so I got to defile a freshly cleaned stall 
I think I'm maturing; i was gonna watch porn and then take a nap but i motivated myself to put my laundry in first. 
help help how do i get him away from me should i talk in a robot voice or something 
spell your last name, im trying to find you on facebook 
Yeah I'm pretty much like lane on gilmore girls except my mom doesn't look so mean all the time. 
rhymes with "ouble enetration" 
dunno bout you, but i grow tired of beef curtains 
im about as happy as oj after his trial 
Don't worry I'll hold the wheel while you cum 
Memory from last night that just came back: me forcibly jacking him off while he yelled I DONT LIKE HANDJOBS I DONT LIKE HANDJOBS 
had no condoms so I just made do with an empty doritos bag. 
i feel like the prize bull at the rodeo. everybody got a ride, no one lasted more than 8 seconds and i'm pretty sure i kicked one of them in the ball sack 
My bra smells like weed because there's weed in my bra 
I knew I had to get an abortion when his toddler sister came up to hug my leg and I kicked her off saying, "Get off, fucker." 
If she sucks any more cock I swear she will be a spermivore 
xbox live and facebook are tricking me into believing I actually have an active social life 
It's like God shit irony all over that family 
I just had to explain to the pharmacy cashier that the Plan B and thank you notes I was buying were not related. 
It's 10am, I'm at grocery store buying booze b/c the bf just told me that he didn't "technically" break up with his ex. 
I wish I could drop acid with the muppets 
and by charming I mean he has a horse cock. 
he puts the penis in happiness. 
I found the TV remote. It was in the washing machine along with the chicken wings you kept complaining to Domino's about that they 'never delivered' 
this coming from the guy that still thinks "pulling out" is a good form of birth control? just walk away 
Latenightwjoannablackberrywontletmespaceitknowsimdrunk 
who the fuck tagged pancake nipples on my profile picture? 
I don't know where I am, but I'm drinkin & I like these people 
i just fell asleep at my computer and i woke up and in the google bar it said delicious foods to eat 
thanks for being my friend even though im irresponsible with my vagina 
I would do things to you that would get us burned at the stake if we lived in a puritan village. 
what if the hokey pokey really is what its all about? 
Im so sleepy and hes snoring super loud! i just wanna suffocate him, sleep, and deal with the body when I wake up 
also, you're talking to the girl for whom "deformed baby arm" wasn't quite a dealbreaker. 
i got kicked out of Barns and Nobles cuz i put all the bibles in the fiction section 
yeah it's now facebook official. i can no longer pretend shes my girl on the side 
It's like a parade of train wrecks. 
i want to open my blinds to let the sunlight in my room, but i'm afraid my neighbors will be able to see me drinking and judge me 
I'm jammin out to some Brit Birt, she's still my bitch, I love her crazy ass 
After he finished I threw up my arms and shouted STEVE HOLT! 
I bet the first cavemant to make fire got so much pussy 
Do you ever close your eyes when your having sex with your girlfriend and pretend she didn't get fat after high school? 
Small penises have feelings too. 
she's about as cool as a sandpaper handjob. 
everyone is single if you try hard enough 
I know its small, but please -- stop calling it my "weenis". 
I discovered last night there is no graceful way to remove your face from your gf's crotch when your parents walk in the room 
After I talked about my ex for about twenty minutes, she just listened, sluts are so understanding 
nothing says happy birthday like half a tampon wrapped in someone else's hair on your shoulder. 
You smell like stripper and shame 
my orientation roommate looks just like New York of Flavor Flav fame 
Answer the phone when I call you in a second. Just got pulled over for getting road head, going to secretly put you on speaker phone, this should be good 
your dick doesn't do me any good in arizona 
You can't hide fat with big sunglasses. 
me and ur bf were arguing about whether coke was vegan. i really hope it's vegan 
the drag queen on stage looks like shes wearing the EXACT same dress i wore 2 senior prom. 
It was like a Michael Bay sized explosion located in my pussy. 
So today I found out that our school is known as the herpes school 
can a staight man not wear seersucker in this town? 
nothing makes up for a small, perpetually flaccid penis quite like a British accent 
the cashier wished me a happy fathers day while i bought condoms 
Okay call me later ill be watching lifetime and scrubbing throw up off my feet 
it hurts more in the daytime 
I swear if I see one more guy in a v-neck and fedora I'm going to punch someone in the balls. This is philly, you're not supposed to look like Ryan Cabrera 
i saved all my weight watcher points for this alcohol 
I got so high last night I started crying because i couldn't stop thinking about how scary space is 
moral of the story: I'm going to stab everyone 
I cant believe the potential orgy I left behind at Waffle House. 
shes about as inviting as chlamydia 
fine then we can just have courtesy sex i definetly won't like it 
I'm buying this stripper a house, I don't care what her name is. 
So I don't have any furniture but we just skateboard drunk around the floor. 
I don't think my ego could take a straight man out-cooking me. 
i'm saving my butt for my wedding night 
proudest moment: just made a guy walk into a parked car with his mouth hanging open cause of the shirt im wearing. 
As my groomsman, I expect you to learn the Thriller dance with me before next September. 
I'm drinking in the hospital parking lot. 
He's married, but his wife isn't my neighbor so I don't feel bad about coveting him. 
I can see my step sister's thong. Don't know if I should let myself be turned on or not 
I need hand sanitizer and jesus. 
If you don't answer the phone then I will be forced to leave you a wonderful voicemail of me throwing up 
i'm pretty sure the devil's penis is california-shaped 
Pish posh, there's never a bad time to eat food off my body. 
So pretty much, I was trying to piece last night together and remembered a point where I was pointing to you heart then touching your face. I'm not sure that I ever translated that to "I like your personality better than your looks" but that's what I meant 
I finally had kitchen counter sex! i was so excited 
what happens if a cat eats a birth control pill? i mean i don't care about the cat i really just don't want to get pregnant 
I must say, I don't like the act of throwing up, but the feeling after is quite delightful 
I swear I am going to pee, wipe my vag with my hand, and then slap you in the face with it. 
You know the @ sign on twitter? i wish there was one of those in real life so that the smokin' hot guy at the bar would know the slutty unbuttoning of my shirt was directed @ him, not @ his friend who looks like Mickey Rourke post-face melting 
oh right, i forgot that not everyone has a go-to blowjob 
I would dunk an oreo in her breast milk 
So we made editble underwear with fruit roll ups and fruit by the foot 
Came home and the girl was sitting on the steps "talking" on her ipod touch AND was halfway done eating a raw cucumber. 
Should I be offended if he asked if he could use saran wrap to eat me out? 
ok 1 i realized people actually live in central wisconsin and 2 culvers could be a good place to pick up chicks today 
does the new i-phone have a pregnancy test app? 
i can now get sex on a playground off my list of things to do in life. 
You think the Elephant Man ever tried to pick up chicks claiming all his appendages were elephant-sized? 
my mom just informed me my dog smells like cum 
Important detail I forgot to tell you: leprechaun loves david bowie. 
you know you've been playing too much mario kart when you see a curve in the road ahead and see yourself drifting around it 
gotta love it when a reminder comes up on your phone and u think u forgot about a meeting or something then u read it and its only to remind me to go to the titty bar at 3 
i swear to god, this restaurant is playing a john tesh cover of a song from aladdin 
I have been thinking about it and I am really glad we decided to order helmets. 
Just seen on a tshirt : "fake titties taste funny" 
Tonight, I'm planning on being a bigger trainwreck than Britney Spears circa 2007. 
I told him I'm not paying rent anymore because he's seen my boobs. 
I don't wanna do a drive in or see a movie tonight. I wanna play some Golden Tee and butt fuck a girl in the bathroom of some bar and proceed with Golden Tee 
last night i got mauled by 2 gay men who were trying to make each other jealous by making the other think they could swing back- you're going to love atl 
Id settle for living inside the pirates of the carribean ride. 
Say something about gay babies. 
dude can i febreze my hair or is that slutty? 
singing james blunt while drunk. tell me thats not wonderful 
maybe if you didn't yell 'buh duh duh da duh da dats all folks' when you came she wouldn't have left last night 
tonights recap: old cokehead freind proposed in the middle of a country bar to his trash girlfriend, saw ex-fuck who now has star shaved into his head and another with his gf, and ex-bfs best friends crackin jokes about who would fuck me first. NEVER COMING HOME AGAIN 
Nothings more american than taking a shit with a handgun next to you. 
but i am gonna have to have sex w/ him again to get my earrings back 
there is a polo shirt epidemic at this bar. also, im pretty sure i just saw the grown-up coppertone baby 
i wish they had a 'baby daddy' section in halmark, like, "hey, i know you didn't want this child and you're doing a horrible job, but here's to making you cry on fathers day" 
pshh wine cellars. now if he has a tequila cellar whole different story 
Theyre still fighting about whether its called america or the united states. 
so i told my doctor my symptons and she just shook her head at me 
Bts the comment you were making during that picture was "look we have penises" 
Definitely locked eyes with the stripper who gave me a lapdance last night as she walked by me and into the Ann Taylor Loft in Times Square. 
conclusion of the day: americans need to get on tredmills, people need to learn how to flush toliets and learn how to pee in then instead of on them, and waiters shouldnt tell their life stories to customers. 
A homeless man in dtwn SF was blasting lil wayne and singing at the top of his lungs. I kinda wanted to give him my life savings 
he refuses to go down on me anymore when he's high because he thinks my clit piercing stares at him 
you turned your livingroom into a bong? 
Is it sad I memorized the exact change required for a #7 at Wendy's? 
Memo to the bitch sitting across from me at Swamp: no one thinks you're classy with your Louis Vuitton and your Burberry scarf when you're dragging on that cig like it was the last cock on earth and you needed cum for sustenance. 
If it wasnt for meatballs I would have fucking killed myself already. 
cynthia nixon should never get laid more than me 
she tasted like a mixture of sweat and destiny 
I think a homeless person took a bath in my mouth while I was sleeping :( 
That level of neurosis does not find love outside of Grey's Anatomy. 
Great date with Damon, but I'm not sure if telling him I like lesbian porn is a good second date discussion. 
If a guy called my cleavage "mesmerizing" but is kinda related to me, does it still count? 
my new favorite insult= "thundercunt" 
Im gonna name my vag after egypt, "the valley of kings" 
Is it wrong to beat off to a girl to determine if you like her or not? 
You're the only person with a favorite bar in Disneyworld 
its like randi wears special contacts, but instead of colors they make her eyes say "I want cock" 
What I dont get about To Catch a Predator is who the fuck still uses chat rooms? 
It smelt so bad when i tried biting off her underwear that i didn't want to touch with my mouth 
Can't imagine what could be worse than pet-naming your penis, but I'll let it go. 
I told them you could toss a salad like wolfgang puck 
Do you ever think God made girls unattractive around their periods as a warning? 
make any headway on the foot/dick situation? 
I sent you an email today but due to work restrictions, I had to misspell choke sex 
remember that time that crown gas station wouldn't sell us a lighter so we had to use matches and birthday candles to smoke with a toilet paper roll? sometimes i miss high school 
That guy youre talking to looks like Brian from Family Guy. 
Microwaved placenta is very unpleasant. 
I'm going to rape someone's good day. 
i may or may not be watching the land before time 
He didn't know it yet but he was about to go down on me. 
question: masturbation: how much is too much? I think i'm about to tip toe a fine line 
If only Ben were 51% gay instead of 49% 
Is it morally objectionable to repay my debt to society with drug money? 
My favorite part of our friendship is your tits. 
All I'm saying, is that being compared to a Muppet is not the end of the world. 
Milquetoast, coolest word ever. 
I wanna get so fucked up that I try to catch a coyote in a pillowcase, breakdance fight a lion, and send back some toast at Denny's when I see its slightly burnt. 
We can't ever have kids because there's a chance that they'll end up just like us. 
I got my half for the rent already.I called the cops on the drug dealer neighbor and got a 500 bucks as a reward 
it was beautiful and magic like when a hot girl grabs her own tits and smiles at you 
Who were the five players on the alien team from space jam? 
i just google searched "what time does taco bell open" 
this girl literally referred to her butthole as her "back pussy" 
i just shit 3 out of the 4 types of matter 
The only reason I'm still around is so I can grow a huge Gandalf beard when my hair turns gray 
i just spent an hour trying to convince my blind date that star wars is better than star trek. help me 
my grandpa was trying to put butter into the pepsi and i'm like "grandpa what are you doing" and he looks down and goes "well i guess that wouldn't taste good anyway" 
I hope you get used to having plenty of sperm because you're never gonna get any. 
Note to Self: No matter how horny, turned on or in the moment you are, never go down on your gf after she had soccer practice. 
You smell like a Billy Joel song 
But, I don't have the body of a porn star, so nobody would hire me. Unless they're doing like a trip to the safari and they need an albino rhino 
i dont think there is any level of not caring that i havent covered in the last month 
I got to see an enormous amount of vagina this morning. 
god help us all. i just saw an infant wearing a onesie that said "i don't know who my daddy is" 
I was scared of Debbie's boobs today. They were all huge and scary looking 
There needs to be a term for a female version of a rusty trombone 
why is it that no matter what your novelty license plate says it always screams "im a huge tool"? 
I'm so glad you managed to take a picture of your foreskin before you broke my camera. 
I wish there were whore gnomes that cleaned our apartment when we were gone. 
Is showing up wearing the condom a bit presumptus 
I realize that when i start making 24-themed music videos in my head to the song 'love is a battlefield' that i really need to get out more 
I am going to invent a chocolate mix for sperm. 
Does this mean you'll turn into an Albanian at the next full moon? 
I either just heard my neighbors having sex or she really agreed with whatever he was talking about. 
I blew a .224 after sleeping for 6 hrs, cleary im a champion 
my ultimate dream in life is to have sperm so powerful that it will rival that of jim bob duggar. 
"what do u think of parents raising kids to be peeping toms" said guy on bus 2 me 
It started with Hannah Montana and ended with alcoholism. 
100 percent naked, unless you count a tiara as clothing. 
my boss just made his own remix to aaron carter's i want candy. i cant decide if its the funniest or most embarrassing thing ive seen 
You're perfectly engineered for doggy style 
Is it bad that everytime I read or hear "Woo Hoo" I immediately think of sex because of The Sims? 
He said he only talked to me because I talk dirty in bed. 
If this place produced love children they would be born wearing Lilly Pullitzer with raging coke addictions. 
you better believe me or I'll punch you in the face 
i just google searched 'can you pop your ovary' 
Please tell me how I woke up out in the middle of nowhere wearing nothing but a hard hat and a man thong? 
New word for getting laid so we don't sound like whores in public when we are talking about it : stamp the passport 
you kept yelling 'bird cage' in between songs and finally the lead singer stopped to ask if you meant 'free bird' and you said 'fuck you, i'm not gay', needless to say you were kindly escorted out 
I didn't say she couldn't, I said you shouldn't. 
where am i from again 
There's a woman here that looks like a cross between Michael Jackson and Flipper. 
never have i ever had a craving for dick this badly 
I am about to get in a knife fight over a corn dog. 
the highlight of my day was when my dad called me when I was watching porn and I muted it instead of pausing it. 
is it bad that the first thing i do when i get downstairs is go on farm town? 
remind me next year to leave the 19 year old girl at home when you're going to pride. total cock block 
Denmark girl wants me to go out but i remembered shes a raging whore with extremely questionable morals. Not feelin that tonight 
I just sold a pizza for the ability to listen to spice girls. 
The iPhone is ruining my ability to sex message. My 5-year-old cousin just picked up my phone at my grandmas birthday party and read "I wanna stand you up and fuck you from behind" to my entire extended family bc of popped up on my screen 
i asked him to tell me something nice and he said "your vagina is really tight." 
I swear coke makes your nose hairs grow out of control 
If Billy Mays did an infomercial on your dick, it still wouldn't get you laid. 
'Watching yourself cry on Photobooth' is the new 'watching yourself cry in the mirror.' 
Hey i just realized that im masturbating in the exact same kind of chair that they are doing it on in this porno 
Everytime she would start slurring, she'd stop, hold up a finger, wait like 30 seconds, then try again. I love drunk people 
it was worse than that time i tried giving evan head 4 days post nose job. 
i just google imaged poop. 
i feel like a thai whore the morning after the navy left. 
They say you shouldnt they say its no good for the environment in your vagina 
The world needs more lipstick lesbians, if anything. 
how do chicks with those acryllic nails wipe their anuses? 
Old men and throwing up are my life now. 
wouldn't it be funny if when girls shaved their vaginas, they gave them sideburns? 
why does hillary duff have a greatest hits album? 
my dad just encouraged me to do a kegstand 
I seem to have left my pride at pride 
I feel like abortions should bother me more 
Everyone knows that the fastest route to a corporate advancement is to take a shot in the mouth 
it was like she wanted to be a once a week night stand 
I would drag my balls through a mile of broken glass to eat pudding out of her anus 
she was mega hot - except for the poop under her fingernails 
the best thing about tacos is after you shit them all out you feel like to have room for your dignity to come back 
it tastes like there's a party in my mouth and everyone is throwing up 
What ever happened to making out with a few boob grabs here and there? 
is it considered a "problem" when you find a pickle slice in your bed in the morning or is it like a "super-awesome bonus"? 
to do: lose virginity to hamster dance 
I told her I was pledging and she immediately proposed to give me head in the bathroom. i love how easy rushees are 
This morning when you woke up you looked like one of the Wii Bowling people. I think it was the eyebrows combined with the sambuca 
everytime i eat a fruit i feel like i'm eating ovaries 
i just saw an asian skipping down the street and it made me think of you 
was i over the top when i said that i wished they made v-neck pants to her? 
So I just watched the Lakers/Magic game so I could have something to talk about with him after we have sex this time 
apparently i'm not the first person wake up and realize she's ugly cuz i tore this house apart and there is no sign of my clothes 
life lesson #1: a fart during an awkward silence between 2 strangers doesnt make it less awkward. 
I want to be a jewelry store heckler. "Hey man, is she really worth it" 
Played the LOTR drinking game last night. Ended up in boxers running thru the lot at ross's place screaming "for frodo" 
just by requesting 'I think we're alone now', not only did you achieve emptying the bar, but you also rubbed it in the owners face. 
he smells like the inside of heather mills' fake leg 
Why can't we have signs that automatically flash on our foreheads that say not interested when gross ugly guys come around, like those glasses that get dark when the sun comes out? 
I'm afraid that if I tell my sister I think Zachary Quinto is gay I'll have to put her on suicide watch for the next week or so 
so remember that time i slept over and came home in the morning to realize i left my vibrator next to the faucet for parents and brothers to see? this is worse 
I bet Jafar would keep his hat on during 
just walked by a lingerie store, the sign out front, "Specials for Father's Day", in no way is that just not wrong. 
i just woke up in the woods behind my house in handcuffs and a dan marino jersey ive never seen before 
Im handcuffed to some kid i hardly know. there are no cops involved 
this other lifeguard and I are actually considering paying a kid to shit in the pool 
If she catches me sniffing the seat of her office chair again, she's either going to fire me or fuck me 
I just remembered that last night when we tried to walk off the spins you said "pretend i'm your pet dinosaur" so i walked you around on an invisible leash while you made t-rex hissing noises. 
When my kids ask how I lost my virginity Im going to have to tell them of a mythical thing called "Myspace" and how strangers could lure you into their "den of love" thanks to clever quotes and graphics 
do you think they make care bear costumes for cats? 
yeah my walk of shame consisted of driving on the wrong side of the road at 6am still drunk with cum drying in my hair and left eye. 
respond to me or i'm telling everyone that you inserted a vodka soaked tampon into your anus 
What kind of poor, pathetic town do we live in where a horny teenage girl is sitting in her basement on a saturday night, unlaid? 
mark tries to be a total badass to make up for the fact that he's a poor man's pete wentz 
Omg just saw this kid I went to elementary school with at the bar and he used to be cool and I was so awkward but now I have boobs so I WIN. 
just survived the first fart of the relationship. 
ok so the lil girl sitting behind u was picking the hairs off ur sisters back and putting them in her mouth 
I've decided to bang my pen-pal. 
when she started arguing that Girl Talk was in fact a DJ, i knew i could never sleep with her 
My moms helping me unpack but im getting a little nervous because I dont remember where i put my dildo 
Joe is yelling at the trees again. 
my grand plan for the evening is to do shots of vodka til i cant anymore 
Crosby and Malkin: Two girls, one cup. 
People in love make me want to vomit 
She just texted me saying, "I wish you were a better person so I could fuck you without regrets" 
Sweater Vest, Chin Strap, Beard, sporting a white Beret- Please don't ever let me be THAT guy. 
Dude im not sure whos apartment i woke up in but i just showered here and their shampoo in phenomenal 
I just want to sing "highway to the danger zone" when I'm taking his pants off. 
babies were throwing up all over the place 
Di me a solid and hit me with your car. 
i'm telling everyone you had sex with a puerto rican drug lord 
dear life, i get it, drinking is not a contest 
The guy in front of me in line at Starbucks looks kinda like Danica Patrick except he has a huge boner. 
every time you feel disappointed with the red wings take a shot 
If I don't wake up snuggled up to 14 ice cream sandwiches, my life is incomplete. 
Do you feel like you missed out a little from not getting crabs in college? 
I hope you're ready because I look like an elf on crack had a baby in the medieval era and that baby grew up to be a whore 
He is either going to be in my pants or get a restraining order against me. 
if she shaves her mustache, i'll let her give me head 
oh my she just said cum sticks to her dentures so when she blows if they let her she takes them out 
my vag is singing 'hurts so good' by john mellencamp 
Making my coffee at work this morning let out a jack daniels fark. Turn around and see the quiet guy making his breakfast 
I spent a large portion of the night trying unsuccessfully to keep hayley (who was wearing a dress and no underwear) from doing handstands, but yea it was fun. the boys had fun 
If he can handle my muffin top then I can handle his front teeth. 
the smoke from my cigarette strangely resembles what patrick swayzes ghost will look like. 
ok so i jsut did the walk of shame with this random guy that i had sex with at the hotel party, and the lady at the front desk said "wow you're just now leavin?" 
I really hope you get sexually violated by a pterodactyl tonight. 
if i could have babies with my dog i totally would cause i know thay would be fucking hott babies. 
You were telling me about how you were gonna marry him, have his children and name them all woodchip. 
You think if I promise to behave for the rest of my life, god will let me fuck her on the regular? 
I'll let you put expensive food in me, but really, not much else. 
Guys who wear capris make me want to kill endangered species. 
we've reached the level in our friendship where i don't think he would rape me 
Hey when I die alone will you come by often enough so that my cats dont eat my face? 
yes because when i jack off the first person i think about is christina applegate 
She seriously needs to find another hobby other than bouncing on cock. 
well apparently i yelled MY VAGINA WAS ANNIHILATED and his whole family heard 
He said he was from Mississippi and my vagina clamped shut like a frightened oyster 
If I die tonight, wear a V neck to my funeral. 
it's like i warped into dreamland and the only thing that makes sense is my solo cup 
yeah, i liked him til i heard he had a sac that could apparently smother my face. 
sometimes i shoot so far i amaze even myself. 
Please advise as to how precisely ashamed I should be if I just became sexually aroused by a Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince preview 
would you ever date a girl who drove an 89 Chrysler LeBaron? - for the record it's a convertable 
and then he ordered a "diet and rum" like the most important part of the drink was the diet. 
His stupid grin looks like he's mid-ejaculation 
you always know who the new freshman are on fb because theyre always wearing prom dresses 
8th day he invented the big mac, 9th he invented pop rocks, 10th day boobs. 
Tip #47, don't trim the bush when you have the shakes! 
i find it a beautiful talent that i know how much pubic hair the girl in the next stall has just from the sound of her urine 
Have you ever slowed down next to the oldest people on the highway while getting road head just to see their extended reaction? 
Sometimes I think my vagina thinks its a penis. 
Even my Mr Clean Magic Eraser can't make last night disappear. 
The only reason you're wearing underwear tonight is cause you have a family dinner before 
You just compared our sex life to a seven year old kid. 
one day john is going to snap and they are going to make a new show called "john and chainsaw minus 9" 
my vag is so smooth its legendary 
i realized my work ethic and productivity really improves if i masturbate on my lunch break. 
I just googled "whats above a trillion", thats how busy I am at work. 
Looks like an M-80 went off in a lb. of pastrami 
I'm sorry, but there's just something about mesh over nipples that irks me. 
were having a shit on karen session at work but then she walked in so we used code names instead and she tried to join in like she knew them 
My unemployment check should really just be direct-deposited into the checking account of my drug dealer 
He looks like a mix between a retired piano teacher and a cat that just swallowed a sock. 
I'm going to save the lime from my McDonald's salad to use in my Corona later tonight. 
Apparently you walked through my house with your dress on your head 
I considered driving home in his mom's bathrobe until i realized i'd have to stop to buy cigarettes 
The party tonight has no theme but I decided to go as a home wrecker. 
well we can cross tagging a chick in a movie theatre off the list of things to do before we die 
If the Four Horseman of the Apocalypse gang banged each other and had a kid, it would look like the creature I woke up next to this morning. 
she looks like luggage that fell from a plane 
I was just at the urinal, started to go, then farted, then said oh yea out loud, then heard someone move in the stall behind me 
I just farted so loud that my cat got so scared he fell off the couch. 
I skipped work to stalk him. 
You know, sometimes I seriously doubt your commitment to sparkle motion. 
id fuck shawn from boy meets world only if we could name the baby topanga. 
JACOB AND UGLY BROKE UP 
some old guy just shit himself in my section. everyones leaving 
I just high-fived this girl after she swallowed. 
if being creepy is wrong, then i don't want to be right 
what has become of my life if the best thing thats happened to me this week is that i discovered my cleavage as the best hiding spot ever for weed. 
I totally just used John Mayer's lyrics to get laid. 
tell your sister to shave her snatch 
I feel like a panda just shit rainbows on my mind 
i just told a girl i would suck the alcohol out of a deoderant stick 
the condom got lost in my hair 
In these economic times, linking arms taking tequilla shots with your boss as an underage girl is the best job security I can think of 
i just wish he would text me so i could ignore his text and show him how little i care anymore 
he keeps dipping things in ranch and feeding them to me 
I'm just that much of a man that I can watch Ellen and Oprah back to back and still like girls. 
sometimes i wish i was able to text my cat and tell him i miss him and that i'm thinking about him 
i had the deer in headlights look when she walked in and i was digging in her hamper 
I think I am morally bankrupt 
so pretty much your parents know your seeing a girl on the side, let her come over and just dont say anything to your girlfriend? 
saw my dad's penis on the x-ray last night. at least his hip wasn't broken 
We have a vodka soaked ShamWow with your name on it. 
My eyes are so dilated i literally have night vision right now. 
Come on, it shouldn't be that hard NOT to suck someone's dick 
Do you think there's anyone left in this world that hasn't masturbated in a computer chair? 
yeah for some reason your penis didn't fit in my mouth the other day 
if creeping was an olympic sport, i would be a lock for the gold right now. 
I hate when my naked walk-arounds are interrupted by someone knocking on the door 
Whoa Z and x make the same sound 
Okay you're seriously so fucking annoying its like having a baby 
Have you ever secretly resented a girl for wanting to have sex when all you really wanted to do was rub one out and go to sleep? 
im marching my happy ass in there and im not leaving until he cheats on his girlfriend! 
are you so shy because you have an std? 
It wasn't awkward until he started humming the Rocky theme song in the middle of fucking 
We walk out of his house and his dad is there, so I had to meet him and shake his hand pretending that same hand hadn't been down his son's pants five minutes earlier 
He never called back after I emailed him my booty call contract. 
Just got booted from water taxi for showing my balls to a security guard. 
She looked kinda like Mario Batali? 
So it's like pop-o-matic trouble, but with penises 
when people say theyve been sober for however many years is that like couple beers not drunk sober, or no drinking sober? 
I knew you were gonna be a good wingman when the words "dibs on the chunky one" came out of your mouth. 
Turns out drinking large amounts of Gentleman Jack does NOT turn you into a Gentleman -- quite the opposite actually. 
how come the more i say "don't get it in my eyes," the more gets in my eyes 
i think guys can sense when i'm not wearing underwear 
Is it a little weird that I have a ridiculous urge to have sex while the theme song to the Pirates of the Carrbibbean blares in the background? 
I saw her while sober, and she is definately cut off from the penis ride 
she farted while i was going down on her. not doing that again 
happiness is walking an amphibious rodent on a leash 
can you wear a superman outfit if we ever have sex? 
my elementary bus driver served me drinks last night. He hooked me up 
what kind of vibe do I give off that a guy i've never hung out with thinks its okay to send me a picture of his ball cleavage? 
38 yer olds are good kisserssss 
ok what kind of idiot turns down casual afternoon sex? 
Is it just me or are more fat girls getting belly button piercing these days? 
man, i hate rosetta stone. i wanted to impress this girl with italian last night but all i could say were things like "a blue airplane" and "he is wearing a white shirt" 
guy in front of me on the bus did 12 yrs, hes teling me about how to knife fight 
We need to find a way to make penises more like hookahs. 
I always feel awkward when im sitting at home watching the price is right and the fat contestant get the gym equipment. 
the thought of Anne Coulter teabagging Dick Cheney kills me everytime. 
Fantastic night. drank beer from a wine bottle, danced on a van, chased a llama, and fell from a fence 
i didn't know you could wash puke off of bras with a dishwasher. 
dont worry your back hair reminds me of angel wings 
just to let you know, don't open your linen closet for a while until i come over with a cleaning kit and geek squad 
My nephew just came out playing with my moms vibrator. 
listening to techno makes your hand move faster while masterbating 
Theres this fat girl in desperate need of the proactive factory in my class and as i watch her shovel food in her face I am struggling to not only keep down my meager lunch but also to stay straight. Eliza Dushku couldnt even get my flacid dick to move 
my throat hurts so bad i feel like i just gave head to a cactus. 
I told him to come back in 5mins cause i needed to take a few more shots before i could talk to him 
Sometimes your consistent use of proper punctuation makes me nervous D: 
Fuck Jersey, the house im in is so baller but this state just cannot win. 
Life Lesson Number 76: Masturbating into a sock is useless if there is a hole in it. 
I woke up this morning under my fitted sheet and my legs through the sleeves of my sweater. 
is it wrong that i woudl like to tie u down to the baby changing station using the straps provided? 
drank two beers while on the toilet at home during lunch break. new high or new low, not sure 
My little brother has some high school girls in my pool, it's like a jailbait buffet in my backyard 
his facebook status quotes britney spears so there is always that 
people would bow to what i just did to her vagina 
office poll is still running 100% that Spencer Pratt is more disturbing than David Carradine's death 
i can't put facebook on my resume under hobbies. 
Wish i knew that 10 minutes ago when i told him to dance with my blackberry while i got another drink 
i wish mother nature was an actual person cause i'd bitch slap her for sure 
Apparently when you order 'bottomless fries' at red robin that doesnt mean you can go around to every table and eat all the fries you want off other peoples plates. 
If you want her to think you're a true humanitarian, you may want to stop referring to Hands Across America as "the Ghostbusters 2 of fund raisers." 
i'm so high i feel like the people i'm chatting with online can some how see that i'm naked. 
Turn sideways at McDonald's = actual directions to a winery 
That's when you crack a 10am beer 
If you want to dance with a less than stellar Asian chick, I have just the girl for you. 
im 80% sure the guy across from me is taking pictures of my legs 
I'm telling lies about you to make you look like a good person 
Best part is I totaly had to get into my dads car like I didn't have my pants off two minutes ago. 
i'm starting to get pissed at how pandora is trying to force coldplay on me 
id tell you what to do, but my morals dont exactly scream, "Listen to this guy!" 
You wouldn't stop asking the hibachi cook if his knife was a hattori hanzo 
there's a booger on my laptop, i suspect it's yours 
As a matter of fact my bong is named Hulkamania brother 
So it turns out the white chocolate in the bathroom is actually soap 
perhaps when you are drinking red wine from a tall glass with a straw it is time to call it a night. 
walking on gravel proved too much for her barefeet so she traded her bra for some guys sneakers. 
I think I saw a glimmer of recognition, but she must not have been able to make me out through all of her whorishness. 
yeah i was sneaking up to her room and on the way i saw a picture of her and left 
apparently when i got back to tyler's i layed face down on the bed and yelled "don't hurt my asshole!" 
I would make tea from her tampons just to see her tits 
The walk of shame is so much worse when you've spent the night third wheeling. 
Pat told us he showed us his penis because he's "a nice guy". 
I am looking at the epitome of fake boobs right now 
Just saw two guys having a lawn mower race, and their girlfriends cheering them on. Get me out of Tehachapi, 
She took her shirt off and was broader than Dwight Howard. 
i think i just was awoken by the sound of my roommate choking on her boyfriend's dick 
I was looking through my facebook friends list to see how many ppl on the list i've hooked up with, and was effectively reminded of my failed friendships, relationships, fuck budy-ships, friends with benefits, and "i cant remember if i ever did shit with him but we're awkward now" ships. 
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, you're a dumbass 
So that's a yes to the cocaine usage and a no to the rollerblading 
i was unsuccessful, further solidifying for me that girls should not masturbate. 
trent lit his nipple on fire and said "i am the only highlander" 
I was so drunk last night, I had to Wikipedia what i did. 
How come it tastes like onions whenever I go down on her? 
made out with the bouncer to distract him from how illegitimate my fake id is. 
Apparently they shut down a cook out cause people were selling drugsout the drive thru. Nice to be home 
At some point last night I thought pissing in a bottle was an awesome idea when I woke up a little piss was actually in the bottle a lot was on my TV remote 
i have the juiciest gold medal in my pants 
I just wanna be some guy's midlife crisis 
I just spent an hour correcting all the grammar and spelling of all the 2pac songs on my ipod 
I wish you were here to vomit in your hand. 
shes wearing a jean skirt, its frayed. i got this 
i was rollin on her like bob the builder 
i'm 85% sure that if you don't visit me i will do something awkward and potentially dangerous to you in your sleep involving chocolate milk and a sham-wow. 
I totally thought the tree was playing the guitar 
At an apparent methhead hillbilly bar and was smiling for a pic when one toothless wonder screamed "look at all them teeth"! 
I keep pulling short curlies out of my mouth. Not cool 
they just started talking about wanting to bang stephanie tanner from full house 
I just want you to know that me val and amanda are drinking on top of a hill lookig at the chicago skyline drinking icehouse and we just peed in public. 
Let's bang like we're on a Lifetime Channel movie. 
and you said cock pushups were impossible 
Yea. The knew something was up when i told them i had to go pick up goat milk and and and a roasted chicken at 2 am 
i just realized how high i was when i was screaming red light challenge at the top of my lungs and am watching it alone 
Last night is one of those stories you hear about on 20/20 right after they make a law banning 90% if what I did. 
there are definitely too many half naked pictures of me out there for me to ever be famous. 
i just used a urinal to avoid climbing stairs, i need to quit drinking. 
Tell me why I go to the dollar store for nail polish remover and a ghetto black dude trys to hit on me in the parking lot, then he gets in line behind me with a dousche bag literally and that is his only purchase. 
I think my guts just had a chinese fire drill 
I cont stop tolking in a british axsent 
he's chasing his jose cuervo with hot tub water 
I tried karate at age 7 and quit after realizing it conflicted with watching new episodes of "Full House." 
i just had sex bonerless 
Does it still count as a "walk of shame" if it's only 1am? 
I think I'm going to start texting all the people that don't want to talk to me 
I just told my doc I would like to talk about my drinking problem, but that it would probably get in the way of my weekend plans. 
That bitch is like a bad destiny's child song. 
Just saw truck nuts on a handicap conversion van 
what is it about summer that misdirects my moral compass so much? 
Is it bad that when I see ugly people make out, I hope he's impotent? 
Shitting during a conference call is so empowering. 
I woke up this morning and thought "Im sure I've seen this house in a porno" and instantly googlemapped myself 
I was so drunk last night i ate cereal with a fork. 
dude just tell them you don't wear clothes. they'll understand 
The producers of Marley and Me owe me about $5 million. That's the dollar amount of embarrassment compensation required for making a 24-year-old male cry publicly on an airplane while sitting in the middle seat between a gorgeous babe and a guy with a do-rag 
i mistaked the back of her knee for her vagina 
Bristol Palin says: Remember to use protection 
We walked past a group of guys in front of a bar last night and they claimed, I quote: Wow, we'd actually have to work for that. 
The last thing I remeber was convincing you to hide in the fridge, and then taking everything out and you not fitting. 
Question: terrible or awesome when a girl give you head so vigorously that you get a hickey of sorts 
Life lesson: if you fart while talking to a girl outside, the smell does not dissipate, it just lingers around mocking you 
Whatever my ex gf's roomates talked shit about me so I jizzed in their shampoo bottle one night 
i'm touring the leper colony via mapquest street view so we dont have to go there 
New low: just hacked my moms facebook 
Nakedness is not a toga. Just sayin 
my mom asked me how i could steal on a clear conscious and i told her it was because when i was younger she let me watch alladin and he did it. 
so the weed I found in my fridge is actually lettuce. tell jim I need that 5 bucks after all 
Just saw a car with license plate GYPSYS that was full of gypsies 
I was on top riding him and his friend walks in and watched for a minute before he realized what was going on 
You don't need id to drink rum in an alley. 
Im watching he's just not that into you, eating way too much pizza, and feeling very single. 
Lesson learned: don't hide your vodka in your little brothers toy box. 
I have way too many pictures of poop on my phone 
You can only be slapped by Eastern European waitresses so many times. I guess they don't want my huge cock in their iron curtain 
you ended the night by relentlessly sucking on my hips bone and hand demanding milk. you said it was because you were a tiger 
Alls I know is that his gf looked like Beyonce and he looked like Babar 
im letting my talent of no gag reflex go to waste 
i guess. but if i can salvage this and still somehow see you naked i feel like that's a win 
i wonder how he feels talking to my mother about jesus with a condom on his dick 
Tall, dark & handsome can suck my short, pale & awkward dick. 
I didnt attack him, I heard I threw a chair at him- big difference. And you know Im not a creep so whatever 
Why do all fat girls have "that smell"? 
You look like a girl that would like strip clubs 
oh wait, my morality sensor is a little fucked up since I almost let my little sister's friend blow me. 
Maybe if i eat something filling like whole wheat pasta it will make me less hungry for things like dick 
I need a sticker that says "It's no use hitting on me - I'm the plus one" Seriously, how do they think I got in in the 1st place? 
Let's hear it for middle of the street handjobs ladies and gentlemen 
i have yet to find a random guy that would make me want to do any position besides missionary, these are what normal people call "applying standards" 
Just think, the more you drink, the more options you'll have of people you want to hook up with. 
Words i added to my t9 today: gnomes, facebook, and chlamydia. 
I really wish I could go back in time to change the course of events that led to me sitting on the internet at 3 Googling 'Traumatic masturbation' while talking to you about failed dates, and running a virtual restaurant in a video game. 
I wish we could go back in time and find our best farts ever 
Just saw my boss eat a banana in three bites. 
he broke up with me so i peed in his bed 
You can bone my sister, but I will end our friendship if you write 'LOLERS' one more time at the end of your texts. 
thus making me awesome and them whores 
Scared. last time someone tried to talk me into they said it tastes like tapioca and i projectiled onto a closed window 
It was like a mary poppins bag, except a sexual mary poppins bag. 
im going to forcibly insert an angry corn snake into his urethra 
i have a feeling tonight will end in rehab 
she says her boyfriend and her dignity are both out of town tonight 
so on my way home this naked dude runs right in front me his weiner at half mast screaming i'm only doing this cause its a 50 dollar dare 
I had a long pep-talk with my penis that ended in "I love you, I'll try harder and I'm sorry." 
watching jon and kate + 8 right now is like watching my parents split up 
So I pulled my t-shirt down, pushed my boobs up and marched right into that church! 
quit re-tweeting John McCain's tweets 
I think im going to throw up on grandma 
Last night i stole a disco ball from a frat house by pretending i was pregnant. 
No, veal is cruel because they chain them down, I'm talking about free range human babys here. 
you dont want to live with me, im always naked, a chronic masturbator, a bit of a voyeur and will likely touch you while you sleep. ps- i can pick locks 
You should've come with us, we're at Home Depot looking for men. 
dude u gotta turn down the techno when u bang that chick its creepy 
I kiss like a newly born barfing kangaroo 
I feel like your standards for women is like rent-a-centers standards for credit. 
you're like a bully in the Christmas story 
I think my fart just growled at me. 
Miracle whip is the devil's jizz. 
You know what, matt, a girl is not really that interested in a relationship if she goes down on you the first time she meets you 
i kinda do this "flirt with girls and pretend to be a hot white guy named chris" thing 
If I see one more commercial for The Secret Life of the American Teenager, I'm going to punch the next teenage girl I see in the uterus and scream, "Wear a condom!" 
I figure if he loans me money i only owe him sex for the rest of the summer before i pay him back, right? 
I had a dream last night that Anthony Bourdain gave me a vibrator. 
The only thing I want to hear out of a girl's mouth tonight is, "slurp". 
I'm drinking while my friends build sand castles, now I know how my dad used to feel 
Whatcha textin bout Willis? 
what, no i told him that it wasnt nessesary to put all 5 fingers in my vagina 
How fat would you say she has to be before I can consider this a threesome 
Strawberries are so good its weird that food is growable 
I just realized that when I walk away people probably say "wow she really has a drinking problem" and sadly it doesn't bother me. 
You know, Peter Parker would not have been nearly as cool if he had gotten bitten by an ant. 
Dude she has a bf and shes on lockdown more than Nelson Mandela in 95 
the best thing about dollar beer night is beer is only a dollar. 
just got pizza delivered to the hot tub. its easier than i thought to be this lazy 
If I ever start a band I'm gonna name it "Nancy Reagan's Vagina" 
It's amazing how much jurassic park has contributed to my life recently 
You know, as long as there were ice cream breaks, I would totally eat chips for a living. 
If you borrow your friends real doll, should you wear a condom? 
don't get me wrong, i like my boss a lot, but not enough to not bang his daughter 
Today let's steal peoples pets out of their backyards and leave ransom notes 
i just thanked the atm machine for giving me cash 
apparently farting at a cop is considered assault. 
Dude, you just left me a 3 minute voicemail of pop rocks in your mouth. Im sitting right next you 
Her life has all the ingredients for a how to book: Making Your Life an Epic Fail 
Regardless of the degree, it's probably not good to relate so closely to the Steve-O documentary. 
"Morning after" poops are always like, interesting. 
my boyfriend just named your boyfriend's penis. 
I know she is the girl of my dreams bc she orgasmed, rolled over and then asked if I knew that Orlando beat Cleveland. 
Dude, you really need to stop hitting on girls by telling them you sang a cappella in college. 
if i were to get pulled over right now, the only thing i would be guilty of is listening to 90's Mariah Carey 
i may not always bang 16 year olds but when i do, i prefer hot ones 
drinking colt 45 because lando calrissian told me to 
Why did every guy I have ever slept with have to come into the library today? 
i just had a dream that i could control how black Will Smith was with a remote.i need to stop sleeping with the TV on 
i kept saying "bloody hell" in a ron weasley accent until i forcibly told myself to shut up 
hey this is lauren, i have to type for jon because he's convinced the tongs he's holding are his real hands 
before i could say "i'm not that kind of girl", i was. 
Theres this tee in the mall and it says all girls just wanna have safe sex. U make me think thats a lie 
that speech was about as successful as her performance in twilight 
While sitting in bed naked eating ramen and watching the colbert report I realize why random sex happens. 
His moose knuckle keeps winkin at me 
i'd rather walk the sahara in a snuggie with no water than take a bicycle cab 
You can't special order awesome 
I think I won the penis lottery. 
I think getting shot is the thing to do in Brooklyn 
If a fat man falls in the shower and nobody is in the apartment, does his pride still hurt? Answer: yes 
He fucking owes me dinner after I gave him head under the deck behind the bar. 
She had a bottle of NAIR in her bathroom, but she clearly hadn't been using it. 
apparently i broke a 100 dollar bill to tip the bartender on a free drink 
just won the tropical speedo for $11. i didn't know they sold pussy magnets that cheap 
My gyno actually laughed when I told her about his penis size. 
How, after 24 years of life, did I manage to revisit breastmilk 
so i texed my mom when i was trashed last night and said "i know its 3 am, just go to bed and i'll be back by the time we leave for the airport" 
I just tried to unlock my house with the car remote 
Well for starters i'm drinking vodka out of a bell pepper. 
What's the politest way to tell someone that you're only interested in them when they're naked, and even then it's just like a passing "meh?" 
Dude, the girl next to me just farted. Worst part, it smells like astroglide 
i feel like the song jizz in my pants was made for him. 
When you told me you were coming to my show, I didn't know you were bringing Satan and Brokeback Mountain with you. 
I realized today that the only reason you made out with Travis is because he has nice teeth 
She looks like Robin Williams dressed as a frog. 
Oh and I watched laurens last episode on the hills. its been an emotional day 
If Rob Pattinson gets another fucking MTV award, I'm going to vomit. 
the next pure michigan commercial i see, i am going to pee in a fucking lake 
Yeah, we realized keeping you in a cage wasn't beneficial to us 
please stop taking shits in my toilet and leaving them there. 
if you don't open the door right now liz is going to get pregnant 
I like how you refer to peeing in the car as "super cute" 
Is it a bad sign when i blow my nose && can smell vodka? 
His facebook profile says he's interested in men, but i'm choosing to ignore that 
I took my penis out way before I got to the bathroom and some dude kicked me out. 
yes, too bad my tears were being wiped away by tits in my face 
I got us kicked out of the bar because the waitress found me in the kitchen trying to make spaghetti 
if you find a joe biden blowup doll in the attic, I call dibs 
I knocked on some strangers door, you didn't have to give me a fake hotel room number 
there's paper in my vomit. 
i barfeds in our rink 
I smell stomach acid. 
Driving out to Plano is like driving away from your twenties 
oh so you have enough money for the third eye blind concert but not enough for the morning after pill? 
Yea well when i pee it makes steam. 
Note to self: When getting ready to leave with a kid in a wheelchair don't say Let's roll 
I think the phrase "bag of smashed assholes" describes it best 
someone called me shannon dorrhety annnd it hurt my feelingsd. 
I wish I only lived at night. 
I am really glad that on the inside of a card from your grandparents you have transcribed the rules for circle of death 
I met the friendliest cop last night 
apparently you CAN get banned from Nascar. 
I wish Morgan Freeman narrated my life. 
im at a bar with my dad last night and he got hit on more that I did 
I'm so drunk I cant read cursive anymore. 
if i get killed by an online date, its your job to tell my parents that we met at church 
o shit let me call u back theres a hamburger in my pocket 
I swear if she hugs me I'm going to bleach my body 
Some man just said he would jack off to my hair color. 
can we get nightvision for the apartment? 
i hate this light. i wouldnt even hook up with me in this light 
one might say we're banned from that church 
dude i'm inner monologue high 
it seems that i get a boner from just about everything now 
she looked like the bat from fern gully. 
i feel like after you turn 30 you aren't supposed to black out anymore 
and on the seventh day, God created megan fox 
were you the shorter or taller girl out of you two 
i would rim the shit out of meg ryan 
He muttered something about having just washed he sheets, then demanded I give him all my quarters. 
I really think my calling is to star in a Live Links commercial 
Maybe I'll tuck it in and pretend to be a woman pretending to be a man that is attracted to women that are attracted to women who look like men 
i'm listening to "transmissions" by The Tea Party from like '97 and waxing my legs. fuck i'm awesome in my alone time 
I just farted at work and tried to cover up the noise by shuffling papers around 
Omg my grandpa just told me he wants to die in his 90's shot by a jealous husband 
i told my grandma i broke up with my boyfriend. her reply " you need to play the field more anyway" 
never play flip cup with pint glasses 
I'm not saying he was bad at sex, but I'm pretty sure I anti-climaxed. 
My Higher Power is John Stamos 
Let me tell you a story about the rise and fall of my self esteem 
Scream out, "Tax-Free dick over here" in the bar. Ladies love tax free stuff 
He wanted to take me out and said we could "go huntin in the woods." 
summer is not the time to consider going full bush. 
I had so many friends before that round of Never Have I Ever. 
You're only the seventh guy she's ever kissed. Somesones gunna get EPICALLY stalked 
everytime i listen to a chris brown song and like it i feel like i bad person 
NEED BACKUP we are in the kitchen arguing about who would win in fight against lil Wayne and snoop dog 
based on who turned up here tonight the whole evening should just be called "mistakes i made when i was fat" 
I'm drinking till I'm someone else's problem 
I feel like Captain Hook just gave me a pap smear. 
You know it's time to leave Spain when you are back and forth between Skype and a Spanish dictionary trying to figure out out to say "I can still smell you on my skin." 
It's pretty bad when the convenient store clerk can tell you that you're earlier than usual for visiting the store. 
My mom just got knocked over by a rollerblader. I'm trying not to laugh, bc my family looks pretty concerned 
Do you realize that Last night you pissed in my closet and then walked to the bathroom to wash your hands? 
he started yelling "this is my pussy" mid thrust 
Please dont use Danity Kane lyrics to describe your emotions. 
He cooked the food on a paper plate in the oven. 
I have carpet burn on my ass, I'm rethinking my decisions last night. 
I just threw up on my dentist 
At Coney Island the sign for the rollercoaster The Cyclone says, "Make sure your glasses and weave are secure." 
Saw a guy smoking a cig holding it with a fork and driving WTF? 
clay aiken is like melissa ehteridge without the guitar. 
im pretty sure i just saw someone trying to catch a fish with his penis 
oh man you're gonna hate me when you log onto facebook. remember i love you 
During sex he started singing that song in Forgetting Sarah Marshall--"Inside of You"--by Russell Brand 
It wasn't long before I skipped the martini glass and went straight to drinking from the shaker. 
I have to tell you about my conversation with the cloud dragon! 
i hope the fucking fire crotch burns his mouth 
I boned her and wore a Freddy mask once. It was pretty lol 
Only a mothe r could love this liver 
I hope mine doesn't look like that 
Every time we go downtown I ask myself why we live in Des Moines 
it's not the walk of shame if you do it in cowboy boots. 
I just woke up and i'm wearing a cape and it says sup slut on my ass 
exactly what part of this weekend seemed like a good idea? 
i threw up in over 4 different places last night. it was like a world tour 
i keep telling myself in the mirror "get undrunk" 
I thought it was weird that her dad told me to finish and get out after he walked in on us. I like him 
apparently i tried to put my coat in the microwave. 
I think I gave almost everyone at that party the clap last night 
I asked him if he wanted to go to my place, he said i could go but he was gonna stay 
I told him it was like a man's penis, but smaller. 
It was still light ouot when we were walking up Pier Ave and she kept asking if she could suck my nipples. 
im on my way to getting "i just graduated college with no money, no job, and no plan" drunk 
i just walked outside for a cigarette and three men walked by in glitter heels and gold shiny thongs. god i love chicago 
My boss' voice literally gives me gas 
my boyfriend just said he'd go down on me if I gave him my password to facebook 
her vagina looked like a handful of raisins. 
ok plan lets look hot and dance like whores. 
I just accidently sent my poop smells like vodka to 27 people in my phone book 
You can't motorboat a personality 
at some point when you're making out with the ex girlfriend of your ex fuck buddy who happens to be the ex boyfriend of the girl that you just got drunk with who was hitting on your current fuck buddy who is best friends with your ex boyfriend, it just hits you: oh my god i need to get out more and expand my social circle. 
Tell her she's as useless as a condom. 
tonight would not even compare to the night i tried to pee in the living room 
I think my vagina is haunted 
youll never guess who i didnt fuck at that party 
I wanna passion pit in your ass 
It has come to my attention that I should apologize for myself and my friends 
even a "fuck you" would be nice at this point. 
yo im tryna cop a beej tonight 
i dont know what it is, i just found it in my pants. 
He belongs with you like a mcdonalds playground belongs in Chernobyl 
and when i put it inside her she yelled "welcome aboard!" 
the only thing i have to deal with now is the fact that i'm still wearing spandex shorts from last night 
remember when you told me, jokingly, to not get jizz on your shirt that i borrowed last night? 
just took a sink shower in Arbys bathroom 
i should go to a nude beach and wear just a condom, then ill have tan lines on my dick 
Contrary to popular belief, while 19 is an attractive age, it does not equate to sexual prowess. 
alone in the kitchen at 4 am eating a hotdog. 
no, he came in my armpit 
What the hell am I supposed to do with 50 gallons of mayo? 
Going to spend my cab money on more shots and just take the ambulance home 
i bet jesus would rush if he went to usc 
erin looks like she hung out with the sham wow guy last night. she's got the beat up hooker look goin' on 
I'll bet she douches with gravy. 
Is it possible to jerk off a nipple? 
just tell him i said nine months 
I just tried to drunkenly fart the beat of Disturbia by Rihanna 
i think i would be perfectly content if, on my deathbed, i could look back on a life that didn't have any fisting in it 
Fuck. sleeping in my sisters room again I heard zombie noises outside my window 
Note to self. Never fart in a tanning bed 
he kept looking at my chin until i asked why, then he just said he was making sure his balls didnt leave a mark. 
Pls tell me she didnt actually sign a nutsack. 
i miss you and i wish you were peeing between my legs right now. in a platonic way 
I just cut my nipple shaving 
Grow some girl-balls and come out already 
Saw some pubes in our toilet, hope the new look works out tonight. 
I'm like a rollypolly, I only open my legs up when I feel safe. 
i think my mom watched the whole time 
wtf he couldnt undo my bra, i asked him if it was his first time and he said "with a girl? yeah" 
apparently they started giving me water shots and i couldnt tell the difference 
Apparently he's never heard a queef, he totally thought I farted and got freaked out. 
Girls gone wild is like the hills, except sexy and it doesnt suck 
I am at the point in my high where i now know/understand chinese. 
we're chasing vodka with high fives 
come outside for a special surprise it involves huge boobs 
when i say i joined a midget dating site why do u assume i was drunk 
well, tey weren't taking lap dances as payment today 
Who would have guessed that ordering a vodka lemonade at Roscoe's was code for I want a hand job 
If a girl is wearing Ed Hardy from head to toe, does that make her a douchebagette? 
I justed realized that the word 'turd" is present in saturday 
And I just remember seeing him for the first time and being like, who is this ape of a man? Like legit he could be the missing link 
just woke up and my boobs have "fun police" written on them 
wake up i wanna do it froggy style 
Nob stitches i do do not bleed anymorr! 
wow, i just saw a girl period all over the floor. get my shoes 
My husband just tried to seduce me by saying we can do it doggystyle so you can watch tv 
I just got a ticket for shitting on a sand dune. 
I think i peed on brittanys purse 
well i just puked at a family gathering so i can cross that off the bucket list 
ha- omfg whatt the fuck is wrong w me. Alcohol+third cousins= bad decisions 
Buhtt sex? 
I think tequila should come with a little jiminy cricket 
I may have told her we're dating for a handjob, Fake tits are overrated. 
I need to start cutting my cocaine with Plan B 
the recession has oofficially hit my standards. 
that thing about your dad's boner was meant to be a compliment 
She just asked to stimulate my prostate, man law requires you come pick me up 
Sex on bubble wrap = best decision ever. 
I can already tell this is gonna be one of those parties where we sit across the room and text about people. 
I had a fork in my beer hand and just stabbed my tongue. 
Alcohol only hurts me because he loves me. 
No matter how drunk I am, I will take the time to wipe a pube off the toilet seat. 
I'm chasing vodka with french fries. 
He was dressed in cheap leather and smelled like death. 
Im listening to a jazz version of dick in a box. 
Just got kicked out of the ocean for being "unsafe". 
mornings like this make me wish i was morman. 
The worst part was when my mom got more drunk than anyone else and started doing the Time Warp. 
She's just bitter because she lost all the weight only to discover she doesn't have a pretty face after all. 
let's makeout let's makeout let's make out let's make out 
I'm pretty sure I left my reasoning skills at home last night, and just brought anger and rage with me. 
This is your typical "sorry i got drunk and tried to seduce you into having sex while you were throwing up" text. 
You can tell a man will be prosperous by the power of his farts- A fart that can shake the room is a voice that can change the world. 
That's the secret to virgins: blizzards. 
Bel-fucking-mar, this place has more popped collars than a Hollister catalog 
Honestly there's alot of things I'm confused about the only thing I know for certain about last night is that I ate pizza 
i can't believe i never thought of this: farticle man 
dude im shwasted, kabul is not the best place for this 
I found out 2day that my dad was a stripper in New Oleans. 
i'm only drinking out of pineapples from now on. 
I can't believe you let me try to pierce your nipple with a dart last night 
forecast for tonight is alcohol, low standards and poor decisions. 
I never want to see another naked old woman again. 
my drunken desire to be gossip girl continues to ruin friendships for me 
That poor girl was naked and had to be at a job interview in an hour 
i either got mauled last night by a velociraptor or an angry lipstick lesbian. could have been both 
I just got really nervous and swallowed all of my birth control 
The shirt is mine, the pants are mine, the bra not so much 
so the situation is a+b=c where "a" is how much you weight, "b" is my gravitational pull, and "c" is how erect your penis is. 
U know its gonna be a great day when the guy at the liquor store waves at u cause u walked by 
i cant decide if i should go fuck j*** or keep watching real genius 
Sometimes I find that I've been touching my boob(s) without even realizing it. 
I just tipped a bartender in xanax. 
Let's just have a brief moment of silence for my dignity before we start tonight 
i had a dream the other night i was titty fucking you while you were asleep, then you woke up and didn't care. 
My only options right now are Herpes, Gay, or Vanilla. 
So ps i'm not pregnant with any athletes illegitimate children : ) 
I just feng shui'd our living room furniture. You may be mad in the morning 
He yelled GOOOOAAAALLL when he came. 
i'm drinking out of my 'black like my president' mug 
If he looks like a Gremlin DO NOT get him wet. 
I fell asleep next to my cousin and woke up with my hand in her pants because i though it was lisa 
If I were a boy, I'd name my penis Reptar. 
Do you think Patty Mayonase ever went down on Doug? 
i just spit dirty mouth water on my dentist. and apparently grinning sheepishly and saying "my b" doesn't make it better 
Sex has been so nonexistent lately that when I was masturbating the other day, I actually paused to yawn. 
SEEEEXXX PLEASE 
My dad just drunkly made a toast in front of my entire extended family "to my daughter the recent and sucessful college and to my son the drunken whore-monger" 
I had a dream last night that I was the one that killed Biggie 
I'm skeptical of all drag queens. 
He looks too sensitive, like he's going to write me a poem and cry after the first time we have sex. 
Omg alex and i were cooking weiners on a campfire and a bear came and i am waayyy too high for this 
we should go somewhere reaaaaaal shady 
it was like playing where's waldo with your underwear 
I really want to fuck my wifes sister. 
I accidentally burped into my bong. 
so howd the 'mom i only play with condoms' conversation go? 
I totally understand Scottish logic. No underwear+skirt=great 
oh well we may not be friends on facebook but at least i got laid 
it sounded like he was fisting a can of crisco. 
i just drank a strangers drink off a toilet 
Everything went well, until I walked into his bedroom and there was a Ronald Reagan poster watching over his bed - creepy 
Yeah we had sex for the first time last night and all the text he sent me afterwards said was heh 
The way white people respond to them, you'd think Journey was the president of Caucasia. 
So you're telling me it's impossible to have a "slight case" of chlamydia? 
I am going to be in the room whjen you have your first child and spit on its face before its even all the way out of you. 
She's hot and she went to Notre Dame. I want to fuck the Catholic right out of her 
Help i just walked in on mom blowing dad 
My brain says no but my pants say off. 
I'm eating all of the evidence. 
I just woke up in the 4th floor lounge at 5:30AM with my ipod on to springsteen and a condom on 
apparently i walked up to the counter, put $30 worth of snacks next to this girl, and went 'uhh i have no money' 
careful when you do the walk of shame, they are handing out bibles on campus 
woke up with peach flovored chap stick on my taint ! dont ask why i know it was peach 
I don't think I can get bothered with getting laid tonight 
Telling her that my penis is called megatron was not a good idea for a first date. 
i just realized that no matter how many potstickers i eat, i will never be asian 
he wants to bone in the snuggie 
Why would I want to inherit a sex machine used by my grandma? 
he told me i looked like an animal then proceeded to kiss me 
the beds are so narrow its like a jenga threesome 
a very overweight girl in the ER just said she trippped over the invisible wii jump rope and fell 
you said youd get me home safely, you dropped me off at 9:30 last night and i just woke up on my porch. 
This row in front of you is like duck, duck, goose - but eating disorder, eating disorder, failed eating disorder 
he only lasted three minutes, so to spite him i stayed the night and slept in. 
my facebook friend requests are always from girls of boyfriends i have fucked, facebook is the worst reminder of shame 
The girl I brought home was really impressed with the pile of blow you were doing while watching "Intervention." 
Once you see the odd facial expressions and noises a guy makes while he is furiously beating off on top of you, it kind of puts things into perspective. 
i am sick of getting naked and seeing how fat i am. 
Is it wrong to scream your own name when about to bust? 
Moan for me like Helen Keller 
I thought I was riding a bike, but I guess it was a vacuum cleaner 
im surrounded by empty glasses of chocolate milk WTF 
Spraying perfume on pants makes them clean right? 
i was drunk at family dinner telling about my gay brothers sex ads on criags list 
She said so on her MySpace, so it's gotta be true. 
she woke up with a sticky ear 
is hooking up with someone you used to babysit wrong? 
Yeah no shit. My mom is giving me winecoolers as we watch a show abt alcoholics 
Memo to self- delete texts about butt sex from you before giving my mom my old phone to use. 
my "about me" section on Facebook should read "hell-bound alcoholic who wants to fuck a 40-year-old crackhead" 
My girlfriend figured out who you are. 
When my options for Friday night are being a 3rd wheel or bringing a gay man as my date i need to focus on other things in life like having a successful career. 
how could I be having a bad time, I have the three most important things in life: Goat cheese, Xanax, and Saved By the Bell Re-runs. 
it seems as if every mistake i've ever made in life i've had an errection in one hand and a bud light in the other 
if you don't start talking to me i'm gonna tell your gf that you said she tastes bad 
Just tried calling my phone on my phone because i thought i lost my phone. 
u know ur in oregon when the cop tells u to keep the beer cans he made u pour out so u can recycle them 
guy from last night has fluorescent crocs in his closet. judging by the rest of his clothes he doesn't wear them in an ironic way 
i'm at a stripclub and this bitch just lit her nipples on fire! 
It looked like if robin williams had a vagina 
i left the bar a little after you and ended up flipping my car in the arbys drive thru 
Just woke up wearing a top hat and simpsons boxers. i also found more money in my wallet then what i had before going out, about $1000 more 
Your dad touched me again. 
my mother just offered to pay for my fake id. 
my dad just told me that a lesbian kissed my mom at a bar last year 
I can't breathe out the right side of my face 
Things overheard in WeHo: "Just drink a corona and eat some ass, you won't be hungry anymore" 
I just called a phone sex line and you know what I did? I sat there and cried 
Turns out "bordello" doesn't mean what I thought it did. 
What did we do last night that was yellow? 
Def slept AT the bar last night, wow that's a first! 
Firetruck pulls up, fireman jumps out n knocks on my door, asks "do you know where Johnny lives?" 
Duck Duck Cougar? 
I'm almost 25, which means I can ride with girls that have permits 
ps i may or may not be wearing a sequined bra 
btw, but what hole was i in last night? wanna know if i have to worry 
ok i'm going to motor boat your sister now. ttyl 
Seriously dude, you need to stop beating off to the ellen show, it's just weird. 
the police officer looked at my vomit and told me "milk was a bad choice" 
Someone shit on the floor 
I would wrestle an alligator for a bj right now 
So I've been drinking and I told the bf about the gf he almost fell of his chair 
either we just had an earthquake or I am really good @ masturbating 
I don't think ill make it tonight the floor wont let me walk 
so evidently yelling "gay" everytime your bf tells you how he feels is cause for breakup. news to me 
Jesus was obviously not given an itemized list of your sins before he died for them 
My dad just sent me a text telling me to "say hi to all the luscious bitches" at the gay bar. Guess this explains my childhood 
New invention idea: vibrating tampons 
i cant believe u jumped in someones trunk just to get out of talking to me 
Why did I call the Oregon Department of Transportation at 4:30 in the morning, and who did I talk to for three minutes? 
I'm a simple man, with a social life most psychopaths would cringe at 
somehow on my way home with matt, I ended up straddling steve on the sidewalk and polling the people walking by on whether or not we should have sex. 
too bad you live with your parents still 
Lets go to the mall and pick up some fat chicks and take them out tonight so we can be the skinny friends 
You should never have let annie watch you have sex with other women 
I feel like our bond as friends is a lot stronger now that I've talked to you on the phone while having sex. 
it took everything i had not to yell out "your name means death in german!" 
Everytime she opens her mouth it's like a fucking terrorist attack on my life. 
The ticket read "Found nude in a tree" 
He is such a gentleman, he paid for my plan b 
one word: firstdatebathroomanal 
Just FYI I rubbed poison oak on all your sheets and blankets so we all will know who you hooked up with (in about a day) 
wouldve been great, if we lived in constant slow motion cause that shit lasted 30 seconds and half the time he was putting on the condom 
I left my keys in the garlic bread freezer in Publix. 
who cares. he's ugly and has a dick this big --> 
not only are you not the girl i fell in love with, but from the looks of it, you ate her 
Tittie bar + Mother In law gone = mission accomplished. 
I'm trying this new thing, it's called standards 
the cure to his relationship is in or around my vagina. 
my mkouth tastes houw teh zoo smelllls 
my night went downhill once I lost my bikershorts. EAWSSSSYY ACCESS 
my vagina has a 5:00 shadow 
At least I can take solace in the fact that with 8 billion some odd people in the world, at least one of them is shitting in their own car right now. 
I just walked through a room full of deaf people and farted i love deaf people 
The good thing about walking home in a dress on sunday morning is that people mistake my walk of shame as a walk to God. 
her nipple to breast ratio was just odd 
Okay, I have a threesome with foreigners and suddenly I'm a man-whore 
I can text with my tongue 
I have said "that's the wrong hole" for the last time. 
I woke up with my face in a pile of pancakes and 3000 mistakes. 
You gave me the wrong number last night so I texted someone else something I definitely shouldn't have. 
I'm not crazy, I only keep calling you cause you won't pick up. 
Hot guy, man whore rep, huge crush, alcohol that will fuck you up. I fail to see how this could go wrong 
I seriously can't date anymore I forgot how to hide my crazy 
I may not go down in history, but i will definitely go down on your little sister. 
good news, i'm not pregnant. bad news, i had sex with ***** last night and i think i'd rather be pregnant 
now everythime i write "i'm" in my phone my tap9 spells out "i'm-never-drinking-again". It's trying to remind me 
I jusy said out loud "gingers unite in the middle of the night" 
Amandyke just told me shes gonna make my tongue her cum rag. i'm borderline terrified 
Strip flip cup NEVER equals good idea 
she was hot for a redneck and i dont look at teeth 
I dont know whether to be proud of myself for not driving, or being proud that i was so messed up I couldnt drive 
i'm in the sorta mood where i wanna be that crying, drunk girl who will hook up with anyone that tells her she's pretty 
Gte hit a new low, I took a poopnap, passed out mid poop on the toilet. 
In retrospect, pretending to punch a 9 year old girl in the face was a terrible analogy to use in a piano lesson. 
please pick me up with an explanation of why i shacked in a trailer with a guy who doesnt have a car. 
he has a girlfriend so we used my stuffed animals to pretend to have sex 
first i yelled "you cant get it up?" and then in the middle of it i opened a Corona 
well I can't set my house on fire every night 
i already hear my dad disowning me 
Why is my head in the toilet this morning but there is vomit behind the toilet 
I only kidnapped one of them. chill 
how the fuck am i supposed to make breakfast with spaghettios and mustard 
the star wars geek is hitting on me, and is talking about his lightsaber. need back up NOW 
Thanks for the three minutes of sex tonight. 
I think that we as people have rights and that we should at the very least be warned before being subjected to Fergie 
Its about time the women of america have a president they can masturbate to again 
'hiiiigh' is saved in my t9 for a reason 
she said i have a nice penis, i told her only bob saget and god could judge that. 
Nipple clamps can be ambiguous 
I'm at breakfast still drunk holding a blow up parrot 
I missed Saved by the Bell this morning, but Ashley in a later episode of Fresh Prince is keeping the morning wood alive. 
I woke up naked in my living room and my mom was next to me like we need to talk 
WHY CAN'T YOU EVER SHIT LIKE A NORMAL PERSON, JESSE. 
Consumer Beware: Redhead has herpes. 
Kenny Powers is just a normal guy with exceptional hair 
She went from zero to smokin in five shots 
She tried to have sex with him but he quote unquote respected her 
He looks like Jesus, if Jesus had let himself go. 
oh jesus shes a lukewarm mess 
Omg. If Ina Garten Makes roast chicken one more time im going to strangle her with her white button down 
Can Purell be used as lube? 
U Should have said " it's ok baby most girls Sh*t when I do that. 
this kid just came up to me and asked me if i wanted to play truth or aids with him and his friends. i'm in 
So someone put the baby mannequins in sex positions 
remind me tomorrow that nothing happen between me and the guy who's shirt i'm wearing 
I look like Roseanne just got in a bar fight with Rosie O'Donnell. 
i get turned down more than a collar. where are the desperate bitches i need to crawl to them 
Loo but I'm already drunk TINIGHT! CAPS ATTACK 
Is it possible to be promiscuous but in a classy way? 
Without porn, I would have few hobbies. 
i threw up in a trash can last night at kellys irish times. but in a trash can because i'm a lady 
I didn't talk to you tonight because I've decided you look like a man. 
someone get that fucking seahorse. 
So she farted while we were having sex but I was afraid she would stop because she was emberessed so i just went ahead and took the blame and apologized 
I'm cheating on the girl I'm cheating on my girlfriend with 
It was just pointed out to me in a meeting that there is a lipstick stain on my crotch. 
My hand turned me down 
I bet when she looks at herself in the mirror she wishes brown paper bags were in fashion. 
take 3 tylenol pm's and try playing basketball. 
I shampoo & condition my pubes, sometimes i wish my face was closer so i could rub against it cause it feels like plush 
it's taking a lot of effort to be mature and not reply to her with like a video of bestiality porn 
my mario cart skills improve with alchohol. and i think my real car skills do to but the cop didnt see my logic 
She has a t-rex face on a stuart little body. 
I know right? mind you this is the same woman who told me when I was 12 that oral sex just meant talking dirty 
So I said to her: one time i broke my dick and when they took off the cast i could cum across a baseball field 
Kris Allen: Jason Mraz mixed with John Mayer and a splash of orgasmmm 
I feel like our house is getting pulled over. 
they just came back. i guess "were gonna go get dinner" means "were gonna fuck for 5 minutes at the little league field" 
guess who just spent driver's ed figuring out how to draw a guy giving head 
i'm forgoing the post-coitus cuddling sesh to ask u this :when he says he loves me and all i can think to say is either "cool" or "i love boning you," what do i do? 
He started to lick my mole,thinking it was my nipple. 
yeah, but that could mean anything in Denmark. 
hitting rock bottom=girl fakes converting to christianity in order to get out of having sex with you. 
I have to decide between the hot young blond with no apparent gag reflex, and the brunette with a great ass and a trust fund. 
I'm taking a dump and eating a fortune cookie and it said "Force it to be successful" 
Did u know that at any givin time there r 46,948,952 drunk people in the world? Were not alone 
youve choked your chicken with your arm asleep and acted like it was some1 else right? 
why did i save someone in my phone as corn dildo? 
so craigslist just dropped their "erotic services" ads. there goes our livelyhood 
I haven't been laid since Bush was president. 
I just put out an orange level terrorist threat on her punani 
If my vag had twitter, what do you think it would say? 
I think men at large are the problem in most or all relationships. It's like trying to drag a three-legged retarded puppy through an obstacle course 
ok shes still asleep, should i pee on her and say she did it herself? and by the time you respond to this ill probably have already made the decision 
I don't know where I am but the food in the fridge is awesome. 
A hot woman with candy. This is what heaven is filled with 
I used a bag of wine as a pillow last night. 
I thought he was gonna sex me but then he ran to my bathroom and jerked off 
you really need to stop walk of shaming home from theme parties. 
You ever start fucking a girl and realize she kinda looks like your mom? 
You are possibly the most enthusiastic, likable bad influence I've ever met. 
just caught grandpa beating off in the living room 
the new term for farting is butt boxing. 
i have a new swear word: supercalifuckaliciousexpialadamnit 
so I was just driving high and I stopped to let a pinecone cross the road because I thought it was a hedgehog. 
i don't plan on having that self control this summer 
she calls it her "sourpuss" because everyone makes that face when they see it. 
Do you think "I had sex with my co-worker last night I don't think I can come in today" is a good excuse? 
Rocking a Headband at the strip club, because of Rock of Love this shit is like their kryptonite, I smell like stripper butter and back child support. 
put your butt on the phone this is a booty call 
Dont worry, she is sitting right next to me. She is making it clear she wants to scissor 
im going to pretend im pregnant so i can eat a lot then i will accidentally fall down the stairs 
I Once took so much Ecstacy that I tried to hug a fire. 
Well, its 5:30am and you haven't let me in, I guess ill go home 
my phone needs a breathalizer 
Omg. I just woke up in a room full of naked people 
You are an awful beat friend I am goin to die in a car accident and then my corpse is going to be used by criminals ala weekend at bernies to rob a bank then my corpse will go to jail Thanks john Thanks for nuthin 
wow, farting in latex pants is really awkward. 
I was in the bathroom and her cat just looked at my penis with a profound hatred. 
At a strip club after monster truck rally. You should be here 
It was at that point the crowd that gathered realized i wasn't getting arrested, and passed the sobriety tests. I got a standing ovation from 25 strangers 
They use the phrase "final warning" so often the words have lost all meaning. 
i'm sick of taking my pants off and seeing a look of disappointment on the girls face. i want her to be frigthened 
Do u have any bacon or vodka by chance 
im so horny i just used my electric toothbrush to masturbate. god help me 
I faked an abortion last night. 
mom and grandma are in town. grandma wants to get drunk with you 
I puked a lego. 
the stripper made me go home becuz she had to take her kid to a birthday party in the morning 
the sex was like sticking it in a jar of mayonnaise 
dude i just saw the hottest 13 year old but she was kinda ghetto. 
a mothers knocking is a guaranteed boner softener 
I think i sorta joined a cult last night 
She said her name was "party" 
I cant believe we actually had a nipple party! 
we were having sex in the shower and he dropped me. try explaining THAT to your concerned little brother 
my soul wont recognize me after tonight 
She has HUUUUUUUGE nipples 
Her mom drove me home after I blew a .13 So there I am wishing her mom a happy mother's day sitting in the passenger seat where I just banged her daughter 15 min prior 
my penis was classy and tasteful, i don't know what her problem was. 
I tried to gradually lead her into my room but she wouldn't stop crying and quoting memoirs of a geisha 
tfor prom could you pick me up wo bottles of champagne and a condom, please? 
Do you think red sox nation has an official powerpoint template/memo format for resignations of manny support, bandwagon applications, and other official business? 
The midget we rented got so drunk last night he got carted off in an ambulance 
i wish swine flu would become a total pandemic so we cld be rid of all the people that are complaining about it 
If I don't come home tonight, I've died in a pile of gay. 
Is it normal that I have to take off my pants to get mouth stitches removed? 
Ummmm the art teacher neighbor asked me to pose nude for her art class for cash. 
I would have at least made out with you if you were showered. 
i just went dwnstairs and there are 5 guys without their shirts on hugging each other. i think i should leave now 
I blacked out in 45 minutes and woke up with a missed call from someone I saved in my phone as the karate kid. 
I just hope my dad was drunk enough to not remember the whole convo we had about anal. 
If facebook stalking was a job I would totally pown it 
great time with ya sorry i wasn't one of the three guys you wanted to stay with 
i like that octo mom she is my favorite xmen 
maybe we dont have boyfriends because we dont have tans 
You know you have a problem when you walk into your bathroom find kettle one in your shower and a note you wrote yourself when drunk that says "panties at jared leto's" on your counter 
If Ritalin and Plan B had an illegitimate child it would smell like me. 
hell yes lets make some ravioli 
If you're gonna cry pregnant again I'm not coming over. 
I was high as a kite when I got pulled over by a cop and he asked me for my ID and if I had been smoking weed, I said no and gave him my debit card. 
I bet he comes in French. 
I had to get a ride home from that girl that slept with 3/4 of the band 
she lunged for my junk like it was the cure for swine flu 
i may or may not have a boner. what are your thoughts 
Dude, I'm so high in the forest and I think I'm in a bear den. 
I dont get it-she has sex with me but wont be my facebook friend? 
Someone told me they could tell we were from cincinnati because we say "as fuck" after adjectives 
if he's not good at sex i should be allowed to have sex with someone who is. that's a totally legit statement i think 
im surounded by vag. Like smog aound LA, i am suffocating in an atmosphere of pussy 
Hahahaha do you think bella ever gave edward head? 
i wanna do a homemade sex video in sepia and pretend were in the early 20th c 
I'm home now. bring me food and boobies 
My mind said no, but my drink said yes. 
new low, i just stole money from my 5 year old sister to buy condoms 
Lets drop out of school and be professionally skinny and drunk 
I have demons in me. 
is it bad that i kinda- ok, reallyyy don't remember having sex with him last night? 
I would kick you in the vagina but I'm afraid I would lose my shoe. 
Just mADE A PArabola og urine 
That's kind of creepy but I guess since I'm wearing your dad's pants nothing is off limits anymore 
kristin has been a bad kristin 
My whole home page is your drunken face booking, congrats. 
she told me she had a boyfriend but the alcohol told me she didn't 
And I just threw up at the table during Mother's Day Brunch. 
i'm returning your mother's day gift to finance my alcoholism over the next week. 
Did I tell you he has dinosaur sheets? 
This dress was meant to end up on your floor 
I don't get calzones all look the same but taste so different 
so i stopped by cvs on the way home this morning, turns out hallmark doesnt make an im sorry my friend puked on your friend card, call me if were still speaking 
No seriously, I have to sell the house because my wife found out I'm gay. 
I cockslap morals 
Please, let me fuck your mom 
with her its the mind over matter factor, i dont mind and she dont matter 
dude, despite what happened last night, I'm not gay 
On my way home i need to take a massive dump and couldn't wait. 
I wanna go to beed woth a nboy 
Screwed.edu 
I'm in a strip club that reminds me of a crack house from the 80's. 
That's why you don't touch shit after fingering somebone 
i think i have reached a jessica simpson level of regret 
i'm almost one hundred percent positive that i have a warrant out for my arrest in this city. i also don't give a fuck because im drinking TEQUILAAAA 
That's what you get for not wearing a bra and jumping on a trampoline 
grandma shit on top of the toilet 
I'm the only one here who isn't hooking up, coming out of the closet, or crying because of one of those 2 things. 
My boobs aren't big enough for this kind of lifestyle 
I think I just saw someone hide a body. 
I think I'm going to go home and read The Bible. 
Well to be completely honest its more of a 'i wanna do things to you that your parents would not enjoy hearing about' mood 
He looked like the mexican version of Steve Carrell with a unibrow. 
chick flicks and taylor swift songs are like porn for desperate singles 
Did you REALLY have to twitter about our sex last night? 
if your leaving for the weekend then im farting on your pillow 
dude, that girl smelled worse than the great depression. 
from now on my penis is your penis 
these burps are starting to have way more vomit in them, 
that john and kate plus 8 dude has ruined asians for me 
all I know is if I don't watch spice world right now there will be a firefight. 
I want to take things slow emotionally, but fast physically 
When you only buy popcorn and condoms at the grocery store they know whats up. 
I swear she didn't look like that last week. 
she's like the human form of herpes, as soon as you think she's gone for good you have another out break. 
Goal for tonight: Make one last drunken mistake for the semester. 
I bet they all look and smell like Amy Winehouse 
Small dicks are the new regular sized dicks. 
i chose cheese fries over sex for the third time this week. 
dude beer before liquor = i want to shoot myself in the face 
I'm drive I can fine osifer 
I am in a vortex of obligation. 
you guys were way drunker than both of me 
Define "chronic" masturbator. 
now i know why they say having sex with her is the equivalent to licking a pay phone 
I hope I'm pregnant just to spite you. 
i'm trying to reconcile what i did last night with who i am as a person. 
i just rode the bull and i see vomit in my future. 
If I had a sex resume I'd get tons of jobs. 
one two three fourrrrnication! 
I'm 3 blocks south of you watching drag queens. 
Grinding on my ninth grade teacher. Dreams really do come true 
There are just some things I refuse to put in my mouth. 
i wouldnt be suprised if in indian your name meant "walking lie" 
it felt great physically, but AWFUL morally. 
i need an iv and a liver transplant 
I have a feeling we are going to become cougars together. 
it wasn't lemon gatorade 
i feel like i'm waiting in line to date brett michaels 
I chugged a bottle of robotussein and i ducking saw a blind lady on a purch sewing a shirt! And a tree portal 
the only thing i knew about you is that u dated jordan and were potentially interested in a threesome 
On imdb the canadians say It's amazing 
it's too hot outside to masturbate. 
This is clearly one of those "A hole's a hole" situations 
you dont need to remember merediths name haha. only jane 
I don't know what you were told but i for sure didn't sleep with any one but steve's couch. 
Smith looks like a guy that goes on a lot of first dates 
I like how she turned her beer into a wet t-shirt contest 
my professor just told me i smelt like a brewery infront of my whole class b4 my final presentation 
Could you please tell me why If you were a 21 year old man why you would want to sleep with a girl who has tinkerbell bedding? 
I use a guy for sex and get three minutes out of him. go figure 
He can hate all he wants but were fucking with these crocs on 
goodnight i made you a song goodbye 
I'm jealous of your bromance 
I'm calling you out on twitter if you don't come over right now. 
im insabelyl wasted and diont know if ill yexyed tou. call me 
Betty ford says i'm here all night 
Denial is the first step to alcoholismand I don't hate it 
I think I just saw the travelocity gnome in leather chaps. 
I just ate a cockroach and I want to be a fire truck. 
are u sure the monkey wasnt drunk too 
Thanks to blow jobs, my margarita's at the bar are only 3dollars. 
This is some kinda fucked up sordid doggy brothel peepshow bullshit. 
I gave up sex with dolphins for you. 
I think your mom looks like a breed of donkey and elephant, but her boobs are perfect 
So she started giving everyone lap dances, and i was like "i think i like this chick" 
Walking by Farrand Field is better than a porno right now. 
My farts woke her up so I pretended to be keep sleeping. 
I've come to the conclusion that if I was an old man, I would perve around in short gym shorts for kicks. 
apparently my drunken alterego is a lazyeyed bisexual. 
I CAN MOONWALK! 
Totally smoking with fifteen year olds. 
it doesn't get any better than taco bell and soft core porn 
Operation extremely regretful is in full effect 
i hope your v-card owns a pair of floaties 
Non-Jews are for practice 
i either just vomited on a lesbian or a small boy 
so the chest pain/shortness of breath/overdose guy we just took to tm hospital is now running down market street from the police in a gown holding his iv. 
No idea how I passed that sobriety test. 
that's when I learned why R Kelly peed on that bitch 
You should see what I'm doing to your stuffed animals 
Apparently you make a good broom. 
I dont like him- his parents were home and he hid me in his closet like anne frank 
i want to be waterboarded, just to see what all the fuss is about 
from now on, im only gona ahve sex with my boyfriend. 
I cannot find my penis. 
I molested 6 butterflies tonight 
Sorry I thought I was a lizard earlier. 
I just saw the girl you left with - Chris Hansen's looking for you 
i think if you made a shrine it would be creepy 
Soap is not a condiment 
I would have done the walk of shame but I couldnt walk 
I puked the same amount of times as the number of bars i went to last night 
wanna go halves on a baby? 
mustard is like jesus in yellow tights 
Earlier, I saw a homeless man that looked like Abe Lincoln, and I just saw a guy walk past wearing crocs and socks. I'm beginning to like this city less and less 
I seriously wish I was FB friends with her 
Ur dog is a babe magnet. Reminds me of me 
I fink we're distracting them from bumping the proverbial uglies 
We should takd a huggy cab to snuggle bunnyville 
I need to talk to you about an important matter involving lesbians. 
Your mouth is God's brothel. 
You'll put your fingers inside me but you won't be my FB friend? 
He's so far in the closet he's in Narnia 
Let's get naked and see who's stronger. 
Jerry, you need to find god 
I woke up this morning with I hate myself feeling 
I'm pretty sure that he just gave me the ginger disease 
It's not a real calculator it's a math calculator 
Sarah, plain, and tall I adore you 
No, computers are like whores. moody bitches that cost too much and no matter how much protection you have you can still get a virus 
I want to take you away to a place of dolphin rides and hot stone massages. 
Remember that time I came into your room after taking a muscle relaxant and we argued about what state has the longest coastline? 
I think I died a long time ago. 
Three words: puerto rican gang bang 
Yeah, getting the HI-fiVe would really put a damper on my whoring around. 
My cock was attacked by outdoor plants 
Tell me exactly where it said it wasn't a unisex bathroom. 
Things I find upon waking: a gay man, a straight girl both clad in web bathing suits, a full bathtub, an empyt bottle of jamesons at the bottom and a scuba mask 
Dogs love guiness but it fucks up their kidneys 
wakey wakey hands off snakey 
her vagine was all disorganized. 
My hair reeks of homosexuality. 
paul mccartney is starting to look like angela lansbury 
I'm holding in my pee so that I can hear "Cowboy" in its entirety on the radio 
Did you ever notice that cashews look like fetuses? 
oh god the rape fog is back! 
Did you just throw up mid-sentence? 
Every time we have sex I can't stop thinking about Jesus 
If immigrants and dwarves find love, why can't I? 
Don't make out with my wife yet 
After last night, I could never be a politician. 
I think I just was a dick to Paul Rudd. 
Pretty people don't get stds, I knew it 
Tell her she can't have a vagina 
Something clean will definitely be barfed on tomorrow. 
the ***** family is living proof that there are no more lifeguards in the humen gene pool 
but it happened after you broke up with me and before we made up. 
hide the guitars, Nate just learned to play free fallin' 
I thidmdmk you'gre a special person 
People are allowed to visit it's just they can't be from Germany and have to wear masks. 
What the fuck I just showed up to court still drunk and the judge told me I smelled like his wife 
if your dad confronts the dude you fucked about the background check he did on him, NOT GONNA GET A CALL BACK 
Oral text is very safe with the right protection. 
I will die if light touches me. 
I am dying of drunk and no thats not a typo. 
Where is the hickey? 
This is your Morning Wood Report: I have it. 
We need to have an Itty-Bitty Titty Committee mtg somewhere in the range of 5 minutes to ASAP. 
Tell me I did not drive one hour for whiskey dick. 
The Redheads category on Pornhub is my number 2 site behind facebook on google chrome. I think I have a problem 
I just pynch a tree in the face 
Partly cloudy chance of praying to the porcelin gods 
fun fact: cucumber in vinegar with pepper = best ever high snack 
I just wish we had the ability to download food from our TVs. 
Is it necrophilia if we're both dead? 
i just borrowed 5 dollars from my eight year old sister. i'm at a new low 
# days @ Coachella: 1 people i showed how to break it down: 279 
My kitchen smells like failed pina coladas. 
Forget about socially acceptable. Make me happy instead 
I swear to god Optimus Prime and Megatron are fighting in my head right now. 
my girlfriends now gay ex-boyfriend kissed me. tell maddie i can't hangout today 
But, the reference to being horny and then blending a banana is troubling 
my best friend tried to rape me with a pineapple 
North Korea, Best Korea! 
would you consider dating someone with braces an investment? 
I just woke up and found a naked man on my floor. Looks like Dad had a wild night of strip poker 
If you text me again I will gut all of your stuffed animals. 
I like my sex mixed with concussions. 
yo - did your mom get a boob job (I think she did) 
I woke up in a strange girl's bed and rifled through her mail to get her name. 
I'm sorry that you just had your first misguided homo experience 
So i had sex for a couple seconds last night 
I don't believe in a God but I'm almost positive I just shit out the devil. 
That cute girl I hooked up with last night clawed my back to hell and gave me a hickey. I look like a white trash warewolf victim 
Heybabeimwearingurpanties 
im drinking this country out of the recession. 
My e-date is really photogenic. Real-life not so much 
Almost ran you over in the parking lot. You look good 
the fundamentals of my vasectemy are strong 
I thnk I just saw a monkey walking a drunk guy. 
How do i ask the guy i made out with for 4 hours if he is gay? He keeps telling me i'm so adorable and that he had a ''blasty'' 
So when exactly did I get naked and makeout with the statue? 
I can tuck mytits in my pants 
I feel like if im whacking off more now that i have a gf than i did when i was single, somethings wrong. 
I want to have your abortion 
How does everyone that never saw me naked know I'm built like a smurf? 
i just pissed myself at work. maybe they'll buy the old coffee spill trick 
I murdered the dance floor call the cops 
Dude someone changed all the contacts in my phone to I Like Eggs 
He disabled his match.com account in front of me 
I mean don't get me wrong, vaginas are terrifying, they look so sneaky with all their layers and secret compartments and trap doors 
I was staring at you from my window across the quad. I wanted to let you know so it's not creepy 
I have a hot bod, but my face sucks, what can i do? 
It's not real sex if he's just convulsing inside of you. 
Maybe I lied like you did about your herpes. 
I think it's safe to say that I made out with the entire msu campus this weekend 
My milkshake brings 85 to 90 percent of the boys to the yard 
I solve my problems like an adult, at the strip club drinking on a work night. 
Don't come here someone got drunk and rolled the keg to buger king. no more beeer 
i just realized Britney Spears and I are more alike than I thought. Both of us have our parents in complete control of our lives, we both have restraining orders on previous boyfriends, and we all know both of us can put on a hell of a show 
just tell him he has love handles, he'll die of insecurity 
is it wrong that I prefer my women with low self esteem and a smidgen of an eating disorder? 
I'd rather watch my mom take a shit while reading the sunday new york times than watch mama mia . 
id be glad to 
think what you will about my sexuality, just get the cigarettes 
its like his balls were made of silver and he was trying to polish the tarnish off 
In honor of tonight, my penis will make an appearance 
well recently, every guy I have hooked up with has been economy sized 
the the hell do you 'accidentaily" jizz on a shirt thats folded in a drawer? 
This old guy in denny's is sitting alone and he is looking at us and laughing for no reason 
I've never had a man I enjoyed more than steak 
I'm waiting for seagulls to eat this throw up 
The guy asked if i had a problem w/set schedules 
I'm in the mood to be taken advantage of ;-) 
i half slept with him but i still dont owe you any money 
whoever gets the blood i just donated is getting a shit ton of free thc 
Do u think she knows her nickname is the oompa loompa 
Nicole vs. Life 
oh, also, we're locked out of the house and we're going to have to take shelter with the hot, poss single, dad next door. i hope this turns into a porno 
I just had to sit down with an 11 year old who threatened to dick slap a girl. 
I cant find my shoes, my wallet, or my keys, but i know where your sister is. 
East Village: Only place you can play pac man while eating a pineapple hotdog, go to the bar next door and see a graphic blowjob on every tv 
I can't believe the cop was so cool about the whole thing, I mean, I had man mayo all over my jeans. 
I like to think it a success when the cops are called 
Just spent the rest of my time at that bar trying to keep a probs underage closet gay from touching my kitten to prove he still likes girls. 
I admire a woman who can maintain dignity while puking after too much whiskey 
That was rough. We had a 50% puke rate and 100% still drunk rate at lunch 
the guy I was hooking up with asked me if he could wear a guerilla suit during sex. 
I went from sexy to sloppy in a matter of minutes 
I hate my date so much right now for even thinking I want to do the electric slide. 
i never knew gatorade would taste just as good on the way back up 
I just watched a guy get turned down by a prostitute 
I guess there's a 50 percent chance that it was her that wet my bed. 
Oh shit, I think we need to get you a hobby that doesn't include penises 
im in a kiddie pool, high, with a keg in arms reach. If i had a sandwich and a blowjob this would be the best day ever 
OMG I just tried to text you something dirty but accidentally texted the obama campaign 
I wish there was an iPhone app to help you with your shitty personality. 
If I could text you the sound of me vomming, I would. 
I have to look really hot tonight because my personality is going to suck. 
okay pat passed out under dana's car 
weddingsv make me drug and hornr 
&#160;I'm playing the sound guy on a porno set 
I've decided through careful research we can out drink any country folk. 
I have the sudden urge to buy a Snuggie and wear it to the grocery store. 
If that was your dad, he is hot 
Bigbird is at the bar Im at. whats her name 
Everytime we come here you have an ex here. 
Literal conversation "you are ________ ____. you facebook friended me" 
he's the Salvador Dali of pubic shaving 
No awkward lesbian experiences without me 
Ok let's jusst not talk today bc then we'll just do dangerous things but I'll say hello 
glad my latex allergy prevents me from being a one-night stand whore 
put your party hat on. and by party hat I mean no panties 
evidently tequilla and lady gaga make me flirt and grind shamlessly with other men infront of my boyfriend. 
Ninja stars and alcohol are a bad combo 
Is there a tactful way for me to ask a girl to let me know when she gets her period? 
All drunkenness aside, confirm u are alive 
Crown is evil. It plays hide and seek with my morals 
fuck, i never want to drink again I drunk dialed matt last night and broke up with him the second night in a row. FUCK QUADFEST 
At a sweet 16. cant remember what shirt im wearing byt dnt worry im not sleeping w/ the guy who serves the chicken nuggets again 
Do you not remember dry humping your dog for 20 minutes at oxfest dude? 
Do you think if I drink bleach they will let me leave work? 
my mouth tastes like poor choices 
This ginger kid smells like a queef popsicle 
So I just had this crazy idea, and no it has nothing to do with the fact that they made me take shots at work. 
Funny, my mom didn't get it when I said 'that's what she said' after she said 'it's so thick, it's impossible' in reference to my milkshake 
Why did we buy the only spinning apartment on campus? 
Riding a fattie is like riding a scooter, its ok just not in public. 
bahahahaha i would laugh soo hard if someone did this for me hahahaha this guy would become my best friend 
she didnt even puke last nite, shes finally hit champion status. i think im in love 
Crap im kindd 0f drunkk we just hooked up in a mcdonalds parking lot but i dont know why how we are here 
check it out our google latitudes are spooning 
Done. Eyebrows are waxed, entire body shaved 
U r making out with a 12 year old get ur shit together 
I puked in a mailbox on the way back from your house. 
Fun fact: when I ripped off my wristband, I punched myself in the face. Rad 
very cute, but more "I wanna put you in my pocket and keep you as a pet" and less "please bang me" type of cute. 
I want to give you a handjob with my mouth. 
Me too! 
we went to that german restaurant and drank out of the boots. Then I threw up into one 
Did I ever tell you that the first person i made out with cried? 
hot mess party of 2 ur bar is now available 
Rescue me. My white trash great uncle just pulled out his belly at the restaurant to show us how big this woman's tit was 
I didn't shave. On purpose 
allegedly i woke up at 5am sat in the dishwasher and peed 
do you remember what downloading porn with a 14k modem was like? 
I need a slap back to reality. Or at least a slap back to homosexuality 
Taylor Swift is so right about you. 
i'm signing you up for texting rehab 
I'm gonna do things to you that will make the neighbors want to move. 
Kareoke will never be a sober sport 
I miss you like a fat girl misses the prom. 
I'm walking behind a man wearing a womans shirt, heels, mens pants and a baseball hat 
talk about how much treatments for your hpv hurts 
Yo I charged a $20 breakfast to ur room, will pay u back in liquor and schoolgirl panties, thx again for a fun time 
so that wasnt chicken after all 
either fucking kiss her or kick her ass to the curb. Either way I can hear everything you are saying 
just ate pastrami before passing out in my hotel room. My room smells like a petting zoo 
literally had 100 drinks last night. 
when you find your car can you pick me up? his mom is here and im hungover 
Im wearin a dollar bill hat and tgkin a big girl home. Lifi is gmwnd 
Do you think they could tell I was high on that conf call? 
I woke up in a stranger's bathtub with a broken shower curtain as my blanket. 
I understand how i shit in my shoes, but explain why you were wearing them. 
My head feels like little people r playing bumper cars inside it 
Is it bad that my booty call's snoring was more interesting than the sex we had last night? 
I just saw a hot homeless man 
I have nothing to say, just wanted ur phone to vibrate 
if i die, you can have my worn out liver and american apparel deep v's.sell the liver to a chinese restaurant 
Porn is love you can see. 
ahhh, you guys look like a cute little family in the cop car! 
Sexting assembly today. Fuck yes 
shaved balls and baby powder=awesome 
if i can run in heels then i can drive 
Where did you get a picture of my penis 
saw you had $9 in your checking acct, left $20 on your dresser so you won't be a whore this weekend 
just realized i've hooked up with 3/4 of the guys here COOL 
Your vagina is a self cleaning oven. 
I need to shower the guilt off of my thighs. 
My sheets look like a crime scene. 
You work out of a Hotel? 
What a fucking waste of an outfit 
Call me Kermit cause I'm about to go piggin 
Cut to me doing the walk of shame to work from a hotel. 
Getting fucked up met up rando with a girl I confesswed my love for last night. weird, going with it 
so she proceeds to puke everywhere, look up at me like a sick dog, and then say, "i'll finish if you want me to." 
I'm afraid we're only dating because we're too lazy to look for anyone else. 
if you force a hooker to have sex with you and dont pay her would it be rape or theft? something to ponder 
oh my god, i just wanna eat cake off your dick 
guess who was drunk and crawling in the middle of the road and got brought home by the police last night? HINT: ME 
I called you to phone bone last night, but you were out with your boring friends playing video games 
All of his creepy stalker friends want you too 
i may or may not have been spotted by tourists while getting head in the vicinity of the jefferson memorial 
dude, i look like john mccains neck right now 
I'm too scared of my Fleshlight to even use it anyway. 
I'm laying in your front yard are you home 
&#160;Hard rock hotel, wtf why am i still out, im gonna fuk 5 chix 2nite .maybe 
somebody snuck up and got me drunk 
Joe is a total sociopath, I'm going to hook up with him tonight 
Pappa wants mamma naked 
how about we just leave your boyfriend out of this 
i think my tv is drunk 
Its not alright that i make out with a manican. 
Wearing these hooker shoes was a mistake 
it's my fault, I passed out instead of getting up to pee. 
Third unemployed latin in my bed this week. I'm on a roll 
You're going to have to start masturbating with your left hand. Or with someone's vagina 
i just pooped in tubberware. not a proud day 
Just saw a midget shotgun a coors light 
I dreamt Michael Jackson dropped his pants in front of me and I had to ignore it. 
some dude just recognized me causeg he had a pic of us making out onvhis phone 
One girl and one boy is just not enough. 
Sponge bath it is. 
The dr is doing well, he randomly asked if I was bi 
Thats not how I planned it, its just the way she passed out 
I hate u. Im listening to lady gaga and all i can hear is boca base om om om ommmm 
I can't watch pbs sober anymore 
How long until YT realizes that it's a man? 
Incredible sex, Maddow, more sex, spoon, sex again 
Hey man sorry I got all grabby 
I have to get up uber early tomorrow. Which is why I started drinking early today 
You Definitely drank the goldfish bowl like it was a giant margarita 
im never drinking mad dog again and i have your belt. 
I lost my shoes and bra and was beyond mapquesting 
Cab driver just said he likes mutual masturbation in the cab. Um 
I woke up this morning in a strange bed with a kid with an accent playing with my feet. 
I'll forget this but out at 4am with a lesbian model at lil waynes bday party for the record 
Not a fireman, but good enough for last night. 
Yo dont text me then not text me 
I want to see a picture of the girl worth ruining our relationship for 
oh no, I think we did it in the 'front asshole' 
Ok seriously, can we bring back badminton? 
it was all good till he told me to dance slow and quiet 
so i know my style isnt the best ever but u should have told me i was wearing two different shoes 
Doug is wearing your sports bra fyi 
if you are receiving this text, you are one of the people i hate 
I just made out with a guy for $7. 
I'm at the doctor and the male nurse (haha) asked me if I smoked, drank or did drugs, and when he said 'drugs' he looked me right in the eye and did a perfect wrist rocket. 
I'm so bummed I missed coconut bowling. It's fucking cold here and no coconuts to be found 
So drunk, too bad you don't want this 
you only like me because i go down faster than a bridge in minnesota 
I specifically asked you not to be slutty tonight. 
"it" just moved 
Remember when you weren't going to be a shit show? 
Are we in a gay sports bar? 
I love you and miss you, which in no way dimishes how much I hate the person you turned out to be, but I still love and miss you. 
I am puke 
How long do you think herpes can live on chapstick? 
This is not my ceiling 
Plan B is the new Plan A 
My first STD was from a foam party 
Hey sorry i havent responded. i threw up on my phone while i was sleeping 
I have no voice and feel like lukewarm beer. 
Do you still have your period? 
jackpot. dress really slutty so he knows you mean business 
Mom and Dad are dead. Trust fund 
What was that guy's name that you dated that wore the leotard? 
I only have two rules. But i've fotgotten those rules and replaced them w 2 other rules 
Your tits are I can't wait for 
I think my grandma died before she was convinced I was straight 
I just woke up surrounded in unopened snacks 
I hate all girls vehemently. 
Racial profiling caused me to miss two cabs but the third cabs the charm - he's playing Jesus Music 
Ps there is totally a drug addled prostitute in olympic pizza asking for change for a 100 bill 
I'm sorry my penis didn't work 
I'm playing musical beds - it's not very fun 
if there is a rhyme for it it must be true 
is it bad that i shorted Freddie Mac immediatly after I heard about the CFO? 
I just found that girl ____ on facebook, her activities include "church nursery" yikes 
My pee smelled like sake this morning it was sooo disgusting. 
That's what you get when you play shuffleboard drunk. 
Holy cold harsh reality of sobriety batman 
I got wasted for the 1st time and I sat in a fridge for 2 hours and a trash can? 
remember when she hit me with her car by accident, well apparently it wasn't an accident. 
He seemed more like the type to get donkey punched by a she-male hooker to me 
i just puked in front of my entire floor a girl on crutches asked iof i needed help hahaaa fuck ima damn fool 
I DID IT WITH MY SOCKS ON! 
i just wanna soil my oats bro 
I dont abuse you, i just hit you while we have sex 
More dangerous that a broken heart and a shotgun. 
I'd fuck her but she fucked Dusty. And I'm pretty sure he's humped livestock 
i permit you to call me 
Dude she looked like Jerry Garcia's knuckles 
Would it be weird if I brought slabs of bacon with me to the beach? 
if you wake up with plaid pants on your floor in the morning, you made a bad decision. 
Gettin pulled over, can you watch my dog and pay the bils for a while? 
Do you remember getting into a Delorean last night? 
someone threw a dead crab at me 
He introduced her to the DMA meeting by saying: in the past few years i've never seen someone work so hard for so little success 
she was so not down for the gang bang 
wrigley field is MILF paradise 
R and i have drinken 4 bottles od red wine. By ourselfs 
My right nipple has been called many things but never a ghost pig 
So ignoring my calls doesnt work if you update your facebook a minute later. 
45a: Any chance you got 3000 bucks on you? 
I just watched Juno. I kind of wish I was in highschool and pregnant 
I'm going to jail i love you 
I accidentally had phone sex last night 
I don't usually arrange sex via text message 
Do you think you have hit the lowest point in your life when you find yourself actually condisering watching the movie "Gigli"? 
I'm in a room alone pouting because I got the wrong nachos at taco bell. 
OMg patrick swayze is the sexuest man he is killing me I'm gonna get dehydrated if I don't stop looking at him 
Charged a drink to your name last night. Thanks for the whiskey 
Tell your broad to take a big shot of 'chill the fuck out' and put it on my tab. 
I had a good time, probably would have a bigger headache today if you were in town. 
Bc you can definitely buy condoms if ur a 14 year old girl 
somehow, due in part to drug cocktail and alchl prior to meeting, i blacked out, got home, made total mess of kitchen, broke shower, and made 17 hard boiled eggs 
im ready to get crazy and take my wig off 
I'm just sayin u wanted to sleep after ur paper. I can make u sleep 
She is in my trunk 
So when jo picked me up from the bar I kept apologizing and kept telling her "I'm just a wittle donut" 
She's a black belt cougar in the 6th degree. 
Sometimes I wonder if we could be friends if we lived closer. 
I slayed a troll last night at BC guess i thought i was back in college 
look no pants 
A joint and a Nerds Rope = breakfast of champions for the unemployed 
Hey look on the bright side if youre preg at least you know it and wont have it in a toilet 
By the way the fattest man alive got married yesterday and I don't even have a boyfriend. 
Well listen chief - never again do i want the scenario of going to the ER totally naked and partially drunk to b a possibility. 
I'll buy you a vibrator, we can get married for tax benefits, and live happily ever after with lots of doggggs. 
i jus pukd everywherw but i took a showr, come cuddle 
My nipple is on Facebook. 
You wanna call me after your homoerotic shower? 
She's JV to your varsity 
I gotta feeling the economic climate has killed the housewife market 
I'm pants shitting drunk right now 
Drawing on your hand and calling it yenifer lopez doesn't count! 
Well I thought that next 8 ball would either kill us or turn us into Gods 
Call me so I can make it juicy for ya 
420 ftw 
I'm pounding a vodka drink as we speak to make her interesting 
i got your date sluuuuuuut pick up my calls or else hes mine 
Reasons why i shouldn't be drunk and upset: i'm going to a boy's 
I cant take that shot because i want my penis to stay hard. 
My friends, they love my intelligence 
Ben affleck wants to be a US senator. Just thought you would puke with me 
i tried to light my apt on fire. reasons why drunks and women should not cook 
Do you have a straightener and are extra lubricated condoms not the norm? 
What happened to our ballroom dancing plans 
ill give you a foot job if you come over before 4 
So now everyone thinks I don't know what a condom is 
how can u be prego again 
Fine. I'll sleep in my office 
No one appreciates an amoeba in a balloon hat. 
Wow that girl who lives a couple houses down is going out wearing butterfly wings a skirt and fishnets 
I figured girls wouldn't be down to sleep w/ a guy who plugged a pregnant chick 
He spelled "beautiful" wrong in his text 
You're completely useless in the revolution. 
Eating a burrito bowl w/ queso sauce is about as cool as the first time you have sex w/ out a condom 
Taking a 35 year old indonesian home, only in vegas ;-) 
Every time there's an awkward silence a gay baby is born 
So #1 way to come back last night and #2 wishbone and I broke into his house and i opened joey's door and u were both passed out and pantless. 
the shit that comes out of a woman's mouth when she knows you can't hit her is fucking unbelieveable 
Tell him to shut up cuz i said so. I lost my dollar shoe :( 
**** and his GF asked me to give his stuff back, and they would give me a 100. HA, they dont know I have it to charity haha 
there are some really hot girls on the bus. i want to lips them 
33 AM: I'm drunk at this time of morning. 
smell like capt'n and strawberry champagne 
I had a disgustingly explicit dream last night involving myself and lil wayne. 
Have you finally orgasmed yet? 
u on campus? she just peed the bed i need to go 
I think scott just propositioned me for sex 
Midget sex pt 2 tonight 
Sex don't cost a thang now that you can buy trojans with meal points. 
Afterall, it is the real San Francisco treat 
i jhust puked up my retainher. 
i know we just met, but i forget your name, and i'm wondering why my penis burns? 
***** fucked a guy with one hand last night 
I just broke up with my girlfriend lets go find strippers that need rent money. 
You're in luck. The brownies don't even have butter, just vege oil 
fml, blew my nose and red sprinkles came out and did the splits when i sneezed 
the bus pole looks like a man who feels guiltyty about something 
&#160;Yeah and Nick is shooting his loaded 9mm in his backyard.&#160; 
Just be blunt and say drink from my dick 
Having a random hookup so left but love u 
Can i not drive my cunt home 
Dude my mom stole all your condoms 
YOu come back ASAP and we will do whatever you want baby 
And now his mom knows I was dipping my pen in company ink 
Yea and his cousin visited from central and i fucked her i was texting him at work teasin him about it but sent it to his mom by accident 
I like how you formally end text interactions, just turn your phone off or don't respond you pervert 
So how come you never look me in the eyes anymore when we make love? 
dear santa what can i do with your candy cane? 
y did u give ur computer a hand job? 
Yes give me all the cream and he's gone 
I know, he also has a fancy car to make up for his tiny penis 
ally, we are sitting by a fire and you are totally hot. no pun intended 
the chick doesn't look like she's put anything in her mouth for weeks other than his dick. 
Well the candle wax mightve been sexy if he didn't drop the candle and light half my bed on fire 
Would it be horrible to send my ex's girlfriend an email telling her that I sexed her man up so dirty that he fell asleep inside of me afterwards? 
Cool, I just put that together. I didn't know if using a tie-died sub machinegun was too crazy 
a smallpox vaccine scar is like a lower back tattoo. 
Ugh I have so many sins to confess tmw at church, you just made me think of many more I've made on that street alone 
none of my boyfriends are responding right now, I thought I had enough to avoid this problem 
I have had sex with more partners than how old he is. 
i fuckib htae you, you church bitch. 
I tried to give up sex for lent. It feels weird that on easter I'm this excited to be a whore again 
i don't like sucking hair 
I'm putting on too much make up bc I'm stoned 
we dont do blackfin have a good night :) 
I like it. Barfy the gin-flavoured Assman 
Go study a dick amy that's outrageous 
Yeah unless I can find some idiot to make love to 
Ok walking to car, 3 gay guys park get out of car, one on phone says 'I dont know but I was definately getting some curb rubbing' 
In similar news, my cock is bigger than the plane that landed in the hudson. 
youre lurking in front of me 
In all seriousness though I just found out the dog pissed in my bed it'd be nice to crash somewhere other than my couch while my piss soaked bedding is in the washer 
You're so nebulous sometimes 
I'm really into asian looking animals 
sooooo how many boyfriends is too many? 
I'm lost and stupid without you. 
His vagina is bleeding blood all over the court 
mutual masturbation is only cool if cash money records is involved. 
You don't have asthma, your pregnant 
Our Neighbors are trying to steal our ducks! 
I'd rather drink alone in my closet than hang out with that girl 
The next morning she woke up and asked who I was and where she was. 
I love black thongs 
Nice 2 c u showing ur bro some affection 
I told u I don't really remember everything lol i pretty much remember not lasting as long as I norm and that I wore a condom, I hate condoms 
i am NOT doing that with my feet, or any part of my body 
The worlds most fuckable chipmunk 
So drunk its hurt 
Being alone has allowed me to flourish into a complete weirdo 
haha it's okay then, bc he only killed a canadian, they're not real people 
Goddamnit I hate your level headedness 
Think the blond can even spell "shiksa"? 
Umm I'm too high to move. 
absolutely 100% incorrect. and i love you more you silk skinned goddess 
i'm pretty confident that i watched a woman making love to a german shepherd. 
Let's make love on the newspapers that declare financial doomsday 
You hurt me so bad and it feels so good 
hey no worries the mystery has been solved- i jst sneezed and my undies popped outta my nose. 
is that paris hilton dressed up as the guy from star trek who hosts reading rainbow 
Down for casual relationships, more fun than catholic missionary, bring condoms and don't get attached. 
My family just had an in depth argument about the meaning of chodes 
My room smells like vodka and shame 
Just wanted to let you know that if you need my services as a male dancer for his birthday, let me kno so I can clear my schedule 
you can't spend the night you always smell like dirty underwear and my roommates complain 
Like all of my pajamas are shirts of guys I shacked with in college 
shes hot in the i'd deny it if anyone asked kinda way 
In regards to your tweet: as its been said on all of those posters on ffffound: keep calm and carry on 
Wow, your whole life is a joke regardless of the fact that its april fools day 
nosebleed girl is getting lots of praise 
and trust me i need no booty pop lessons 
Regardless thnx for trying to help out, I realize we are dealing w/ very stupid girls here 
I'd wear matching sweaters with you 
I just blew up the bathroom at work and now I feel like a new woman 
Got separated, got a half bj, got dropped off in random part of the city, don't tell anyone 
why didn't you poke me back 
Its a bunch of hippies dancing in front of a stobe light. For ten dollars I could have gone to the strip club and at least had a lap dance 
The maid of honor just puked. 
its good for cellulite if you don't wear underwear. its true 
I am slurping my drink like I am going to the electric chair 
It wouldn't matter if you are Jesus Christ himself, you are not getting into the bar tonight 
I thought she had more class and brains than to date a complete numb-nut, drug addict, fuck up like him. People never cease to amaze me 
I regularly think about how cool your nickname is 
your butthole totally puckers for the ginge 
the sham wow guy got arrested for beating up a hooker. 
is it odd that your cat looks tougher than you? 
I'm gonna have a badass scar 
Will you blow on my dice? 
I fucked a guy named chris tucker last night 
Excuse me do you have gonnorhea? 
I mean I can't believe yesterday ended w/ your house getting firebombed. What an unexpected turn of events 
You're mentally unstable and I would hate to be you 
Uggggg i want to leave and get bombed over baghdad 
we have pet lesbian snakes 
Would it be quicker to bike the freeway home? 
We're like a lot better than the average bears 
Fyi I let myself into your place, I'm wearing some of your clothes in your bed. Come take them off 
Ppl just aren't as funny as we are 
I wish I could teleport 
your head's too prwtty to be stuck in the books 
Like worst hickies ever he always gives them like wtf 
I got chris browned last night 
I feel like my sweat is 40 proof right now 
Being 21 is my favorite hobby I'm really good at it 
You're a womanizer and a bitch. 
Well apparently he's into motor boating. 
I wish I could punch you in the face. 
It doesn't matter if they shave you or not, you're still susceptible to the staph infection. 
Spring semester is just not the same w/o you 
if you dont talk to me in person you cant text me 
break up sex still means we will always be broken up. 
Just looked in the bathroom mirror before getting to this exam to see If I look as bad as I feel &amp; the answer is no. I look amazing, even in yesterday's clothes 
Goodnight my chunky, little, marshmallow muncher 
All I know is that if italians start TIME TRAVELLING were all in a lot of trouble paizon 
You just made me feel so damn special 
U dropped me off n it hit me, i made it inside for exactly shit thirty on the nose, another minute n i would of had brown trowsers 
Well douche your snatch and let's go! 
oh my god I didn't know your sister was this good at french kissing 
I need to just get drunk and eat a pot pie. 
I'll pay for our taxi if you let me makeout with the drummer and we don't leave RIGHT when the bassist does. 
we have officially lost it. 
More tranny stories later! 
I think your x's eyes are broken his new girl is so hit 
The vibrating part of my dildo broke, now I have to rely on gyration. 
i hope S**** or M***** or someone took note of the fact that i was drinking popov like water and could no longer form sentences. i mean, dont get me wrong i had been thinking about boning R*** long before my sobriety left the picture but the number of reasons not to, outweighed the temptation and without sir robert burnett as R***'s wingman, it would have never happened 
That's your vagina. No one goes out and burns it 
I only want to know people that are dynamic intelligent and totally insane 
Is it normal to miss your booty call? 
Well I thought I'd be nice but yeah I'm not a fan of you either you're an arrogant stupid cocky unfunny loser. Don't talk to me you're crazy 
Omg I just drooled on the screen of my phone from smiling with my mouth open while textin bahahahaahah 
when I'm not with you everything just looks like crayon scribble 
We drank from noon till 5 am, there was adderall and nice jews involved it was just crazy 
I mean, you're like my second best best friend we're so close I can't believe you'd do that to me 
The first thing on our $10,000 damage bill was "condoms in the main drain" 
if any two of us come back from the bar and aren't getting laid we will systematically destroy everything in the kitchen 
I hope my future cuntsucker is that tight 
I'm on that like soy sauce on rice 
she has a tiny mouth but huuuge vocal chords 
Yesterday I was informed there is a jewish dating website called jdate, I'm considering joining out of academic curiosity 
Asian hipster sighting. About to tackle him and ask him to take me to chinatown 
god i wish i could take a shit and a shower at the same time 
I took shrooms, thc and molly but its okay i'm surrounded by freaks 
You're my little dorito 
So I'm playing pool in my cowboy boots and some guy came up looks at my boots and goes, "you should've got the boots with the fur" 
i'm sure her mom would have loved to find out her daughter has herpes via facebook 
Now hope fervently that she'll do it quick and cheap, just the way i like it 
I'm gunna smoke cigs today. I feel like I'm in that powerful and gritty mood which requires them 
I'm so fucking centered right now 
Locked eyes w/ her at mainstreet, and said 'yeah yeah get it!' From there we started violently making out on the dancefloor (I had a FULL boner, ps) and then I got her number 
On valentines day I took a girl on a date that I suspect was homeless 
Will you take my knitting needle, stick it far up my nose, reach in my frontal lobe and give it a few swirls? 
You dirty dirty liar I like the way you twitter 
We're facebook friends in real life 
god I wish I could record you sometimes, you're so neurotic 
Seriously, stop being so datable w your movie/song prefs 
Well all I remember is going to sleep being big spoon to you and waking up being little spoon to ***** 
My mom says you aren't allowed to eat doritos at my house 
If she sees it and stops hooking up w/ me then you owe me 
I mean a good dj is a huge turn on 
ya dads aren't the best wingmen 
Homeslice needs to figure out he's so 2006 
There was a fist fight in my basement last night at four in the morning, in case you were wondering 
You'd love this place it's beautiful. Plus these people smell like garlic 
Your face is a jimmy john 
nothing tight i'm going to stuff myself with food and alchy 
We were both sleeping and she woke up and just puked i feel so bad for everyone around us 
You blewit but ill be back in laekciew tonigthso calll mee 
It is pretty awful out and I still haven't put on pants yet. 
I'm surprised I didn't puke tonight 
I feel like I'm in dance class right now 
At least we lost an hour tonight! Less time to make a fool of myself 
In the future we'll all be gay 
"You squeeze, we tiip biiiiiig" JB 
Needless to say when I told my parents they loved me less 
yo I wanna see you, bring that beard of yours 
actually, I'm a sock model 
Oh just a soda. I'm "driving" 
All I want to do is go home, strip down to my pants, get in the shower and pee down my leg 
I keep trying to leave, but for some reason I'm staying 
south campus drug res life name erik. Love, tran 
A little boy walked by his parents room one night, looked through the keyhole, and said "and that bitch tells me to stop sucking my thumb!" 
I'm gonna get wrecked tn I might have to keep my phone at home cause I'm sure ill send you really weird txts 
HIV tests are more positive than that guy 
There was an extended period of my adolescent life where my friends and I would get high, drive around in my minivan listening exclusively to the wu tang clan, and intentionally crash into snowbanks 
if you like me you must not know who I am 
Forgive me I'm always horny when I wake up 
I wanna bring you to show and tell 
Mr ***** is in bed with his super hot wife giving her 18 inches of pleasure 
I'm gonna cuddle the shit out of you tomorrow 
nut hugger 
K I think ***** turned off her phone. Guess I can't make her feel any more miserable tonight so I'm goin to sleep 
12am: That's just how i roll, and this dress she is wearing is dirty and needs to get pulled over her head. 
Hey, do you have a beer bong you could drop off at my little brother's place? 
12a: just got back to his place now. I don't want to talk about it 
I'm so bored and have no one to sexy text 
brad dismisses pussy with prejudice 
ad ew i am wasted whats my problem 
Yup u can hook up with me now and not goto jail 
my number is 615-555-1212, &lt;3 your favorite asshole 
I will come over but only if I don't have to take my sunglasses off for it 
23 am: come sit on my lap i have a stick that'll keep you in place 
40 am: you never wrote back on my facebook wall 
47a: I take it you're not on your way over 
We won't sleep together? 
I heard we made out 
plz talk dirty to me 
Who said anything about talking that was a booty call 
I wanna wear you like a flannel shirt 
if you're gona send my txt to that site at least change my area code plz 
I wanna crawl in your skin and have dreams about Bobby Kennedy tonight. 
i only hope i can top last weeks sext session 
hi brent please bring bad word music cd must most bad word please brent bring cd music bad word please brent bring cd music bad word 
I hate your face 
need another drink. this is the easiest way 
I would like to feed your fingertips to the wolverines. 
your thong is hanging out like whoa 
3 deer just ran past us on the street. At least I get to see some tail tonight 
Sry I called you an 8 
hotel room ftw 
return my video game 
38a: you guys up to anything right now? 
I can't get in trouble, i'm smoking a bong in the office right now 
are you still at the devil's house? 
Already got asked if we're dating 
If i come over, it means nothing 
if you come down to my room ill tell you a secret 
D3 body, D1 cock 
Why don't you ever send me any naked pics 
Your girlfriend is a south jersey whore 
Christians are straight up FREAKS 
I went out, and slept with my sunglasses on 
Im at strip club and am horny 
Chill out big head. its weird when girls look at dudes asses 
12 am: but i thought i was coming over tonight, don't fall asleep i wore new underwear 
Obv we're gonna bbm each other in bed 
You really coming over, don't trick. 
You made me cry and you don't even care 
Do you know that poor pathetic girl that we should be friends with 
Got a toothbrush? 
Don't you send me to vm 
You know how britney does the hair flip too much in her new videos? Thats me right now 
I must be too annoying 4 u. 
im orety awesome arent i? relly i know i am 
with your own penis? 
and we just had intercourse last night so i'm exhausted, fucked up on adderol, emotionally broken and just pissed 
Wanted to apologize for chris browning you when you were on my computer. 
Whod you bang 
I am I'm going to have heart failure he's peed on my life. 
your parents love me but you hate me 
Yeah but my nose is so stuffed if I tried to give him head I'd suffocate 
is your mom at the bar? 
Cold hands, warm shart. 
Bike broken, reschedule party till thursday:( 
we're blogging at a bar 
Well you will be happy to know that aaron carter hit on me 
yo i stole a wine glass from the ritz but i spilled wine on my hundo dolla shirt 
I met a girl last nite that charged by the inch. i didnt have enough money but i figured shed be a good deal for u 
I have this horrible feeling I'm going to blackout tonight &amp; only be able to say 'wasabi bobby' over &amp; over again. 
just heard the best thing ever: calling people's kids "fuck trophies" 
sometimes when you bring the thunder you get lost in the storm 
no but I have been chillin' like em' homeboys in the rainforest yo! 
thx for the lesson on dirrty dancing 
