Put it back in, it's still moist in the middle.
Now if I can just get it in the hole, I'll show it to you up close and personal.
...a great penetration!
That just kind of squirted out there, didn't it!
Oh it feels so good, you just insert here and squeeze.
Why'd you take it out?! Put it back in!
Ugh! I can't find it!
No, no, go back you were just in it!
When you put it in your mouth it starts out hard but then if you keep going it gets really wet.
Sadness... even thought it's hard you need suck it up and swallow it.
Faster, Joseph! Keep pushing! I know it's hard, but we're almost done.
No, I've still got one more slot
It's a lot easier with your legs open.
...there's one in the front and one in the back.
Wow, dude, your hole is so big compared to mine!
I'd much rather get my fingers sticky than my mouth.
It's so deep, and moist!
You gotta go further in.
Come on, put your mouth on it! Suck it! Suck it, Kathy!
Yeah but it's too big. I can't fit it in my mouth
I know. It's thick and big, just how I like it.
Make sure you beat it until it gets really hard, and then put it in.
I said I wouldn't come, but I've lost all control and I need you now.
I had to suck really hard to get it up then it went straight to the back of my throat!
Just keep shoving it into holes and you'll find the right one eventually.
I don't like to swallow right away, I like to keep it in my mouth.
Pull your finger out of there!
Can we slow down? Actually, can we just dismount for a minute? I need to catch my breath, I'm not used to riding this hard.
Let me pull out so you can get in.
This is confusing, and it's taking too long!
Well if you'd have been doing it right 5 minutes ago, you would be done by now!
He just shoved his head in between my legs!
Pull it out a little bit, it's in too far.
There should be a big black one in there.
Well now you have to eat it because you already fingered it.
Can you screw it in the other holes?
That wasn't as hard as I thought it was going to be.
Oh thank God it's shorter. Otherwise that would be waaayyy too long for me to handle.
Oh, it finally came out.
I don't want to get my legs all wet before I get it in!
Just close your eyes, they all taste the same.
Guys, I know that fits in a lot of places, but you have to learn to control it.
 I think i need a big black one.
Oops, sorry, I swallowed
It tastes better than it smells
Okay, well, I'll still take it. Just make sure you put it in my box tonight.
It's pretty big, so you better get it in to me.
You came! You came! It's about time!
I do this way better with my fingers.
The hole is not big enough.
I thought it would be bigger than that.
I did all the hard ones last night.
There's a huge load in the rear.
Its not that it was hard, it was just very very long.
I'll have the 8-inch, I haven't had a 12-inch in a while.
It came all over me and I'm all wet.
I like to do it slow because it lasts longer.
That was really slippery, do you want it tighter, Jordan?
I still have the flavor of your nuts on my tongue!
Wow this one is really long, it might take a while. Hope you guys can handle it.
Don't finish before me! Wait for me, so I don't have to finish by myself!
poke it and if it jiggles, put it back in for another 5 minutes.
make sure you wash your hands after handling those sweaty balls.
I want you to mount it and grip it tight. I don't want you sliding off the end. Lean forward slightly and touch back down.
It's everywhere! Give me a tissue! 
Whoa, that's a long one.
You have white stuff all over your face.
You really need to be in the mood for it or it just leaves you feeling unsatisfied.
Make sure to get it in there quick.
How'd that white stuff get all over your pants?
Which hole does it go in?
Just put your hand down there and grab it
Dude, why'd you just stop randomly?
I came that day and I got massively wet.
I can't, it wont go in any further, and if I push it anymore it'll get stuck!
When you put it in your mouth it starts out hard but then if you keep going it gets really wet.
Faster, Joseph! Keep pushing! I know it's hard, but we're almost done.
It was just so beautiful, and big, and perfect.
Look at how full my box is, I can barely get my hand in it.
If I have to wait for you to come I'll be here all night!
Those are too thin. They won't last very long.
Wow! That's a deep, dark crack down there!
Without any warning, he just plowed me from behind!
Wow, the dang thing is really in there, how will I get it out?!
No! You must stick it in, and make sure it's moist!
You have to put it on the hole and push it in.
If you don't stop sticking that thing in me, I'll break it off!
More wood! You all need to get more wood!
When you think about it, it was inside of my mouth, so it doesn't really count.
My biggest fear is that it's going to get into my eyes.
It's so slippery, I can't stop!
Make sure it's in all the way
Sorry guys, it usually takes me a few holes to get warmed up.
I just got nailed from behind!
Just hurry up and shove it all in there!
I've never done one this big before!
It's really hard so I have to just keep in my mouth and suck on it for a while.
Well I had four guys on me.
Pull it out and stick it back in.
Try the other hole.
How am I supposed to do this, it's so short!
When we get done with the little one, were gonna do the big one.
Oh damn it's too big, it won't fit. I guess I'll just have to suck on it.
hmm it's long, black, and thick.
Gaz, stop hitting me with your balls!
I don't care how you get it in there, just do it!
Wow my hand can really make it squirt.
It was a lot easier on my knees.
You have a 50% chance of getting head and a 50% chance of getting tail.
It took 4 of us to get it back up.
It felt like it was 8 and it was really 6, and it is so dark!
He just exploded all over me!
I'm sucking so hard and nothing is coming out.
You're gonna have to put it in for me.
Don't touch it yet, it ain't hard enough.
Well at least we'll both go down together!
It tasted good, but it had a bad after taste.
Simpson! You've been waving your nuts in my face for too long!
Put it back in!
It slides in so easily.
Stop tugging on that or it will crack!
I wasn't expecting so many people to be pulling on it all night!
Which hole does this go in, the bottom or the top?
 It's not thick enough.
Push it in harder!
At least give me some warning before you come in!
I like to start out on top, then when I get tired of that, I'll move to the bottom.
If you it pull it out of my mouth it'll come on my dress!
I hate going down because it hurts my knees.
Wow, you suck a lot! You suck more than I do!
This is so easy, I could be in this position for hours.
What? I like stuffing it all in my mouth at once.
So you take the cap off, stick it into me, count to ten and pull it out.
It won't fit. Wait, no wonder, wrong hole!
Let's do it right here, right now!
I was barely doing it for 10 minutes and I was dripping wet!
The longer it gets, the harder it is.
Yeah, she gets off really easily.
Did I say you could take that out?
It's too hard! I can't get it out.
It's not huge, but it's big enough.
Ew, I just did all of that work, and now I have white stuff all over my hands!
There's too much friction, I can't slide down.
Maybe we should oil it up and try again.
Every time I stick it in, it slides right back out!
I have been blowing it all day!
If you could make it harder, that would really help.
Oh no, it's all wet...crap it penetrated through!
So first, you have to lubricate it, put it in and slide it in and out, until it looks good.
It was so small I didn't even feel it sliding out.
This is really hard to swallow.
It hurts like hell! Pull it out, Pull it out!
Wait! I can't find my rubber! I use it for my strap on!
It's a rough ride in the back. We had to hold our boobs or it hurt.
It was unusually long in my mouth.
How far do I push this thing in? It's so hard.
...I got tired of looking at it, so I put it in my mouth.
SORRY! I didn't even know you were in there!
I like it both ways.
These are so much bigger than the ones from last time!
That wasn't bad at all! It was much easier than I expected, and it went by pretty quickly.
For example, life is highway, and I'm gonna ride it all night long.
Do I have any nuts in my teeth?
Stop sliding it in so hard! You're going to break it!
Just put it in now and you'll feel a lot better.
I'll be finished long before you're done squirting that in there.
Dillan, you squirted it on me! I'm wet!
there used to be a bush there, but it's not there anymore.
Dad, it's not going in.
Try sliding it in, but don't force it, it's delicate.
I can't wait to shove that foot-long in my mouth!
 I'm suprised that nut lasted that long, with it being finger tight.
Ugh, why does it keep slipping out?
It's hard to do it standing up.
You gotta pull it out and lick all the white stuff off.
I like how the balls feel in my hand.
It's growing bigger and bigger and it won't stop.
Wow, I can feel it getting harder now!
That's the dumbest position I've ever been in, all I did was sit there and get paid to do it.
This ball is really old and dirty. I don't think it is going to work very well.
Why do I even keep trying? This thing is bigger than I am. Screw it.
Come on, open wider, you can fit more in!
This is too short. It's just silly.
It looks like it's wet, you rubbed it too much and now it's wet.
If you don't get that thing away from me I swear I will snap it in half!
Push it in slowly.
What are you supposed to do with something that little?
Pull the fuck out!
Whip it out and hand it to me.
Give it to me in the front. Wait no, actually, give it to me in the back.
Oh, I didn't know you came.
Stop shoving it into me! There's already one in there!
Alright, take out that big monster.
Do you have an extra G-string?
No, I want to wait so I can get more than just the head in my mouth.
Wow, it got up really high that time.
Don't push it in too deep, or it's gonna get stuck
Its so hard, and I got white stuff all over me.
Fine, I'll have to play with myself instead.
It just squirted at me!
I just like to sit there and suck on them
I'm really getting tired of having this thing in my mouth.
I can't do it, it hurts!
Yeah, it used to hurt me before, but now it comes naturally.
Keep blowing, it feels so good!
If you poke me with that thing one more time I'm gonna break it off.
Well, I heard you say my name so I came as fast as I could.
Hey Curt, Think you can make that hole any bigger?
Ooh, I love the long, juicy ones!
It tasted so good I didn't know whether to spit or swallow it!
I was playing with it, and then it got longer, so I yanked it off!
Just jerk it as hard as you can!
it felt like it was slithering down my throat!!
You can suck them and suck them and suck them and they will never get any smaller!
Lose-Lose says 'If I'm going down, then you're going down with me, sucker.
Do I suck it or just put it all into my mouth?
It's pretty hard actually. Harder than you expect.
This is so hard, it won't fit in!
Try opening the hole a little bit.
It's still too small.
Okay, let me hold your wood, and you drill it in.
Did it taste better when it was wet?
I know! I've never had to swallow one this big!
lubricates it so it can easily go in and out.
I have three holes.
Just tell me if you get too wet, okay?
Don't you dare blow on me!
It's really small, you gotta jam it in there real hard.
Darn I'm just not sucking anything up!
You just have to keep pushing, but not too hard or else you might get wet.
That was easy, I didn't even have to bang it.
It's too small, it keeps sliding out of place!
Back in my day they weren't as big, you could get done with them in no time.
I looked down and saw this black thing going in the hole.
Are you stiff yet?
He could see where the hole was, but it just closed up so quickly that he couldn't get in there.
Make sure you shove it kinda hard so it goes in the holes.
I cant blow hard enough to keep it up.
Yeah, you can only play with so many balls.
Can you put it in? I can't seem to find the hole and it's starting to hurt already.
Hurry, whip it out so we can get started.
Oh wait this is too small. I want it bigger.
When I pulled it out, there was white stuff on me.
I have to be careful or it might come out all over everything.
I'm just going to do this quick and dirty.
Ahhh! It's in me! OMG, it's so big! It hurts, get it out!
Put it in further and push harder!
Damn it Adam, I could actually get some if you didn't keep pulling out so fast!
I had it and my sister wanted it, so gave it to her and she rode it for a while.
I still have the taste of nuts in my mouth!
I can't get it out!
You have to rub it harder.
I still can't get it out.
You suck, but you're better at getting it out than Tim is.
Ugh, rubbing it more just made it bigger.
Thanks for letting me know you were coming inside!
Most of the time I can control, it but today it just came out
The opening is in the back, so you kind of have to slide it in from below.
This may be a little rough, he's really big.
It goes to sleep if I don't touch it for too long.
Just because it's long doesn't mean it's hard.
This is going to be a big one! Here it comes!
Ughh I'm tired of putting them in just to pull them out! You do it!
I can feel it going down my throat.
Mmm, I like where your head is.
This feels weird in my mouth.
Everybody in the hole!
What is that gross stuff in there?
I dont like things that squirt in my mouth.
Let me know if that's blowing too hard.
It is so big I have to use both hands.
You know, it actually feels better the farther in you go. Once you're all the way in, it feels perfect.
It's going to be really hot and tight.
Is it wide enough for you?
It's wide enough to fit, just I want it longer.
It went down the wrong hole!
it makes my day every time he comes inside.
High five, you made it in!
The more massive it is, the more penetrating power it has.
If you can get the inside wet, you should be able to get it off.
Yeah, I think they have to be wrapped.
Yeah, just stick it in there. You gotta shove it in that hole.
You will feel everything with this one, it has a very sensitive tip.
That's okay I like mine tight.
It's wide open for you, just the way you like it!
Oh my goodness, that's enormous. It's almost the size and weight of the phone.
blows to hard it gets all over get face!
This isn't even fun anymore. Its hot, sticky, and taking too long.
Wow, that's a good one...you should pull it out at parties.
OMG I'm so wet...can I get a towel?
Let me see how wet it is before I put it in.
Ah! Its dribbling down my chin!
It is not bigger than me. I am bigger than it.
I don't want to put that in my body
Can you tell me if it's coming any time soon? Because this is ridiculous!
It doesn't matter what color they are, they all taste the same.
 It got everywhere but my mouth
It's thicker than I thought.
W'hen the balls hit you its probably going to hurt since it's your first time
Push it in harder, it'll probably go in far enough.
Just do it until it's long enough
Nope that does go in there. No, not in there either. Keep trying Charles, you can do it!
It's too dry to fit down my throat.
We can't just stick a finger in the dyke, someone's gotta go down.
It won't go in!
Are you sure it's in the right way?
Hold on, let me use both hands.
No, you're putting it in too far... you're shoving it too hard... well don't put your finger in the hole!
It won't go in.
What, it's stuck.
It's getting too hard to blow.
stop! you're stretching my hole!
We have to be really fast when they start coming.
I feel the 3 holes but I don't know where to put it in.
Can u put that thingy down?
I can't. I keep on pulling on it but it won't come down!
Come on! come on! Faster faster! Harder Harder! Come on you can do it!
Thank you for coming, I know it was long.
Where do you put it in?
Man, she almost fell from yankin' that thing so hard.
I can do a lot with this even though it's short.
Stop fingering my muffin!
Don't ask questions, just put this in your mouth and suck on it.
She's good with the hands, bad with the head!
You have to pay to use the front entrance, but the rear entrance is no charge. I prefer using that one; it's more fun.
 Quit fingering it, and just eat it.
It almost got in the hole!
It's not how hard you blow, it's all about technique.
No matter how hard I suck on this thing, it still won't come up.
It was fast, it was hard, and you hit everything with perfect accuracy. I loved it.
I only saw the tip of it but it looks huge!
For such a small man, he takes a long time.
Where do I put this?
Put it in my box.
What if you choke on it?
It hardly fits in my mouth, it can't fit in my throat.
I took yours out earlier because it was so small.
I can't spread my legs far enough to get on it.
You're going to have to pull out before I can get in there.
Don't put it in yet!
It was gonna blow so I had to cover my face.
Great! Now I'm all wet. We have to get it out quick!
It was way too slippery, I had nothing to hold on to!
I just need to stuff something in my mouth to keep me satisfied.
Hey, get out of my bush!
You can put it in either one, but make sure you don't squish my buns.
Can you not drive like that while this is in my mouth? It's going to get all over my face.
Dont get me wrong, it's nice, really nice, but it's just too big.
But I've seen them come a lot faster.
...when it's thicker, it's usually shorter!
Let's do it orally, it will be faster.
Hey look it fits in the crack!
How big do you think that one is?
I'm not sure, but I'll bet it's huge.
Why does it get all wet like that?
I love putting things in my mouth...it feels good!
Oh, yeah, it's the blackest one I've ever seen and it lasts a really long time.
Contractions are 10 minutes apart...now if it would just get harder we might see some progress.
that was the most enjoyable sausage I've ever had in my mouth.
He put that thing in my face, and I can still taste it in my mouth!
There you go. Push it up into her.
I like them hard.
The harder they are, the more they hurt.
It's so big!
What? I can't wrap my hand around it!
How come mine isn't big enough?
I don't know maybe the hole's too small!
OK, I'm just going to hold this and stare at it until it comes.
Look! I can put the whole thing in my mouth and take the nut out!
Whoa, he pulled out without warning!
When I kissed him, it got a little bigger.
You really have to suck hard to get it come in your mouth.
Geez, It just keeps getting harder and harder the more you play with it!
It's always dark and I'm always drunk when I go down here.
I usually just go down but sometimes they make me do other things.
I hate it when you have it in your mouth and you just don't want to swallow
Yeah, I thought it was gonna be a little long, but it was actually kinda short. It fit perfectly.
Wow, I didn't know he could get that long!
Get your finger out of my muffin!
This is the hardest thing I have ever sat on.
Any time he'd come I would tilt my head back and swallow the whole thing.
Yea, it wasn't hard to get off.
How many BJ's do you need?!
Yeah, it's gonna be never ending. The company is fine. It's my butt that can't take it.
Wow, it's amazing what you can do with your two fingers.
Why do you always pull it out when I get to the good part?
It's been in your mouth for half an hour! Either spit it out or swallow it!
I like doing the big ones.
Come on, get in, get in HURRY!
Put it back in and this time wait until you finish to pull it out.
Oh man! It squirted on my face!
You sure you know where to put it in?
Man it hurts my legs trying to balance on this thing
Why the heck won't it go in? Oh, it's not stiff enough.
Uhh! I have to suck so hard!
Once I‰??ve been drinking a lot, my top comes off pretty easily.
It's really wet and I've already had a couple kids go down unexpectedly.
it was too big, and had too much cream.
Yeah, it was just something that came out unexpectedly.
Your noodle just squirted up into me!
Alright, I will try my hardest to come.
Pump with your right hand and then slowly add in your left.
Stop! I'm already wet without you putting your hands on me.
It tastes better if you lick it off the top
I dont think it's going to fit, maybe we should get it wet, then it will slide in really easy.
Ughh, I hate those big black balls!
Stop playing with it and eat it already!
This gives your arm a workout!
Ow, now my cheeks hurt from blowing too hard.
It was so hard my lips were swollen.
Is there any white stuff on my face?
Oh yeah I hate it when it pulls out just as you get there.
I'm going to finish this sausage....yummy.
You almost made me choke!
I've never felt something go that far down my throat in my life!
It squirted all over my face and hands!
dangit, it fell out. I can't get it back in.
This is a long and hard one, so ride it the hardest and fastest you can.
I'm putting it in all the way and it doesn't work! If I keep pulling it out it'll get even harder!
it's too thick. I just keep sucking and I'm getting dizzy from it.
There's too much of it, it wont all go in at once.
Here, I'll just put it in quick and fast.
NO! It's too big, it will rip!
Son, after she gets off, then you can leave.
Everyone squirted a little in mine.
Do you have to suck harder to get more out?
That's quite big, it might not fit. Oh shove it in anyway!
You know, from what I hear, they don't really suck. They blow.
It's not working.
Just jiggle it around a little and it should slide right in
Yeah, everything on that boy is oversized.
I don't care as long as it's fun to play with.
It's so big! I can't possibly fit the whole thing in my mouth!
Just stuff the damn thing in your mouth and swallow.
It's too big, it won't fit in.
As soon as I squeezed it, it squirted on me.
Normally there's a huge climax but for some reason it's not coming.
Oh just put it back there somewhere, but be gentle with it; I dunno if its wrapped.
I cant suck that! It is way to large to fit in my mouth!
I know, he licks and licks and makes everything wet!
Honey, come faster, I have to go!
Ok, I finally came. Are you happy now?
He's so big, let the poor guy in. It's probably already hard.
Slow down, you're too quick!
The head is the best part, it's very juicy. You need to get it and suck it, suck every little thing out.
There's no way I can fit all of this in my mouth!
It isn't stiff enough yet.
Do you want me to pull it out for you?
I'm going to put my mouth on it and suck it dry.
 It's big, it's slow and it's gonna be long.
Yeah, I was hopping up here so you could get off.
Put this in. You'll like it.
Wow, I didn't know they came that small.
Oh, it was a long one.
Don't squeeze it too hard or it will all come squirting out the top.
It's hard to suck.
If I suck too hard, I'm gonna choke.
Boy, I sure hope that tastes better than it smells.
No, because it will take me longer than you to finish.
It was long and black and wouldn't get out of me.
It was coming at me so fast, I didn't have time to close my mouth. That thing entered so quickly.
Oh, that's not going to be big enough.
When you stick it in, it hurts.
oh, two guys are coming, this is going to be a real treat.
It was exciting, I just wish it would've lasted longer.
It's bigger than yours right?
No, they're about the same size except his is longer.
I'm getting it wet first so it won't hurt!
I worked that hard getting it in, I'm not taking it out.
Hey can you pull it out so I can go down?
I choked before I even put it in my mouth.
I'm waiting for you to go down, I don't care how long it takes I got all day.
My favorite way to have these is to suck on them one at a time.
 I had to press it really hard so the sticky stuff would come out.
Yeah ,but I hate when you blow really hard and it explodes all over your face.
I can't believe it's so tiny.
come on! just put it in your mouth and blow!
Well, my husband is pretty big, and I want him to be able to get in and out pretty easily.
I'm sucking, but nothing's coming out!
No honey, not that hole, it's too small I don't think it will fit, try again!
I'm squeezing it but nothing's coming out on me
You're going to have to take it out and turn it around then then put it back in because it's too big and wet
I'm trying to stretch my hole
Aim for the Mouth!
That's fine. It's better when you go deep.
You just get a little in your mouth, and be sure to blow really hard.
It's not going to fit.
Come on if you turn it the other way it will fit.
You're right, its smaller than it looks, I thought it was bigger.
You've got some on your face.
This piece is too big...I cant fit it in my mouth.
Don't poke it with a stick. Just run off and play with your balls.
Aw, it fell out of my mouth.
Well you need to either keep it in your mouth or don't put it there in the first place.
My hand and arm are getting tired.
We're almost done, keep stroking.
Will you just stick your thing in me so it won't hurt me anymore? Because I REALLY want to do this.
I didn't touch your thing, but its up
just angle your body right and that sucker in.
What the fuck! Don't you know how to aim, you got me right in the eye!!
Does anyone have a rubber I can borrow, I will give it back after I finished with it.
stop playing with that. You'll stretch it out and then I can't use it
it's all slimy cause I was sucking on it.
Wow that really shot out of there.
I need another six inches.
My hand's getting kinda tired. Does anyone else wanna beat this?
Don't blow yet, just try fingering it first.
No fair! He came right between my legs!
Shane, why can't you just come earlier and leave sooner?
Yeah, it was a big scary one. I was shaking it lasted so long!
Help me, I cant seem to get it to go in!
Alright, come on, girls on top, boys on the bottom
You're sticking it in the wrong hole!
How did you miss that shot?
My hands are still slippery from earlier.
Maybe we should try something horny.
Hmm...I like anything that can fit in my mouth.
I'm having trouble putting it into this hole here.
omg you squirted it in my eye you bastard, it burns!
Oh come on!! If it's really tiny, we'll just ride it twice!
It's OK, bigger things have been shoved in there.
I'm in an awkward position.
ughh it hurts when I swallow
stop blowing it or you will hurt yourself!
You can't go that fast when it's this tight!
No way that is too big!!
The balls are just hanging there!
Are they stuck in the hole?
It's the wettest thing in the world.
Wow! That's really long!
Hey, I'm getting pretty good at this! It's easier than I thought it would be!
It came, it finally came...THE BIG ONE.
it wont fit!
oh, you probably have to wiggle it around then it will slide in.
It's in right! Why does it hurt so much, it's not like it's my first time or anything!
wow you are the perfect length for me right now.
I guess I was so excited that I just couldn't wait to get it in my mouth. Remind me never to put something so big and... hard in my mouth again. It really tore it up.
You can try and stick it in there but its going to get really tight.
Hot damn that hurt, but it was a good hurt. I broke a sweat. A major sweat.
Just stick it in there, fill it up, and pull it back out.
I don't understand why it gets so big.
Be patient, I know it's hard and the floor is uncomfortable, but I'm almost finished.
Oh I call top!
Oh it's your first time! Need any help?
The faster you bang it, the more it hurts
That's right, you can't stick it in if there's one in there already.
We'd love to be sitting on your face
Just try blowing harder
I can't blow harder, it's too much.
It seemed like it would be easy to do, but it was just so hard! And after all that he didn't even like what I did so I had to do it again!
He can do magical things with his fingers
Put it in and then you can come inside.
the longer you play with it, the harder it gets.
No, no! Don't take it out! It wont go back in!
Here put it in my hands and ill lick it from the bottom for you
I could get this in! I could get this in! I just need to squeeze it tight and push it in quickly.
Head is important, and make sure you give a lot of it to your customers.
just put it in the back of your throat and don't think about it.
I thought you'd examine before you put it in your mouth!
Just taste it, and then spit it out. Don't swallow.
I just can't believe that huge thing explodes 8 to 12 times every day!
Yeah whenever you stuff it too much, it rips.
Don't blow too hard, you don't want it all over your face.
Its harder to keep in when its thin. It just keeps falling out.
I keep swallowing the white stuff, but it keeps on coming!
it's too big, I can't receive it.
my hands hurt can we take a break.
 the harder you go, more will come out.
You have to use two fingers.
So we can use either hole, right?
It was really big and uncomfortable in my mouth
Darling it's better down where it's wetter, take it from me.
Can you STOP making my hole bigger!
Well yeah, big things are more fun.
You just have to get it wet then shove it right in!
once you suck all the juice out, it's pretty much good for nothing.
I saw you at your game last night but the worst part of it is I was sooo wet.
It's always important to have two balls, so that when he's playing with one, you've got the other.
Just stick it in so you can come already!
NOOOO, you went in too deep.
I can't stop it when you're going so hard!
Stop it, you're making me all wet!
This position is really rough on my back.
I should blow this as hard as I can
It's so big I doubt I can fit it all in my mouth.
Ahh! It's all over my face!
Ahhhhh! It just keeps coming! It's coming again!
Yeah, the head is too big!
I can blow good!
Now see this wood is hard. If you run your hand down the side you can feel the density and firmness
There is no way that will fit in there! Just look at how tight it is!
Adam stop spraying my face! You're making me all wet!
Long strokes are more efficient.  You can finish in half the time.  Short strokes tire you out faster.
I keep sucking but it's not coming!
Is it going to get bigger?
I scream when I'm wet!
Wow! That's even bigger than I thought!
How about we finger it first?
it is a little tight but your small so you could fit.
Get your hand out of there! You're gonna stretch it out!
push in, pull out, push in, pull out.
Aww, Daniel, I told you you should have put it in more!
I don't know, it's so hard.
I didn't get my mouth over it before it shot out, but it all shot in my mouth anyway.
If this were any harder it would break my fake teeth!
Because I want something small that I can suck on.
I don't know where to put it.
Just sit on it till he comes and goes away
Chris, how can I do you, you are too big!
stop playing around and get into position
Ok coach, it just hurts my back to do this
I didn't realize it squirted that much
you do know I'm faking it right
We don't need this since you already know how to eat out.
I can't get in in gently and I don't wanna just shove it in 
That was pretty big, but it could've been bigger!
No no, its way to thick and those heads are massive, they'll penetrate too far. You have to pull it out before it does any damage.
It's too big! I can't put two hands around it!
you have to squeeze it before you put it in.
No! You're doing it wrong! You're sticking it in the wrong hole!
that's never gunna work
It will do, I've fit bigger ones in.
Oh my god, this just keeps getting harder and harder!
I've been sucking on this thing all day and it doesn't feel any smaller, just stickier!
He gets so deep. Nobody's ever been that far inside, and it feels so good to just release it all for him!
Is it gonna be longer than 6 inches because that's all I can do.
That's it, I give up. It was fun at first but then it just got harder and harder, and I kept falling off it.
you need to pull it out, lick it, and stick it back in!
Okay you just gotta swallow it fast 'cuz if you let it sit too long in your mouth, it will be too creamy to swallow!
UGH mine won't fit.
No matter what I do I'm never going to get this to fit in here!
How do you eat pumpkin seeds? Do you bake them with seasoning first?
No, I just suck on 'em and swallow.
I can touch it, but i can't bang it
You're gonna get in it and you're gonna like it.
If there's anything I'm an expert at, is making things fit into small spaces!
That was awesome but, now I am all wet.
This is gonna be good! I can already feel it!
I'm trying but its kind of hard to do with only one hand.
It's shrinking, I can feel it!
Just stick it in the hole.
Just put it in your mouth. I'm sure it tastes better than it looks.
It's harder when it's longer, isn't it?
Honey, I don't think this is going to fit!
Jacob, put your bone back in your pants, and don't let me see you playing with it for the rest of the night.
It's huge! It'll never fit inside. Maybe we should grease it?
WOW! That's a really big squirt!
i have 2 balls in my mouth, I'm gonna put another in and blow
Oh my god, I'm shaking so bad, it won't go in!
suck it up and stick it in, I have places to go.
Oh that got bigger than I thought
 Do you go all the way or do you pull out?
That's not fair, this one is three times more likely to give you head than tail.
Oh God! There's just so much of it! I can't swallow it all at once!
It was long and hard...I mean 2 late nights in a row.
Looks like someone trimmed that bush.
Crap, now I have all this white sticky stuff on my hands!
I cant believe how small he is, I thought he'd be bigger.
I was going to tell you not to blow your load too early.
oops, I think my tailpipe just got stuffed.
I could do this for hours!
I can feel it, but I don't know who it is.
can you help me with this? I can't get my hand around it.
you just had to open your mouth and then he came.
I don't want to suck on this anymore, but since I don't have anywhere else to put it, I guess I might as well just put it back in my mouth, at least it still tastes good.
my hands are busy just put it in my mouth.
you just have to shove it in &amp; pump hard.
He can't get it in! His hand is shaking too much!
Find the hole with the tip and put it in. If you miss you will hear a sound. Push hard and keep it straight. Take your time so you don't mess up.
give me three more inches.
I love it when black guys go deep.
yea I've been blowing all day and it just keeps on coming
You stick it in and take it out, the second time is going to be harder. When you take it out the second time it may be sticky and wet, so don't play with it. Then the third time it will be smooth slick and easy to take out.
It's hard being on top.
How much wetter can you possibly want it?!
Put it in deep and don't pull out.
It's delicious.  So thick, and so juicy.
Wow! It goes in easier when its wet!
thats the thickest I've ever seen it.
OMG it's so hard to get it all down!
Wow these are the two hardest balls I've felt all day.
it's okay though, I just swallowed it and kept going like a trooper!
OH! Oh my God! I'm blowing all these guys!
Yes! It's finally in!
That was really deep Kevin.
Dammit, it got stuck again!!
yes I'll have mine white and twelve inches. I like the extra meat.
I get so impatient, it's just so big and juicy all I want to do is swallow it.
Nope, it doesn't fit. Too big.
Your thing is too big for my hole.
careful that one's really hard and slippery.
God! Why is it so long!
it might be in there, but it's so small I don't feel it.
Oh God, it squirted all over my face!
sometimes when you ride too long, you get wet
Hey we came at the same time!.
Oh my gosh! Does all that have to fit in there?!?
Its too big for me to work with
I'm still wet from this morning!
I was standing there and was like, I always ride the big one, why isn't it coming?!
The more I play with it, the harder it gets!
Man this stick is stiff.
Don't press too hard or you'll break it.
I give up, I don't know how to turn you on.
Hey! I can't find the other ball, there is only one here
oh f*** i cant take this, it's hurting my butt.
Where do I stick this thing?
Stick it in that hole, but hurry up, I'm getting wet!
Why is your stick shorter than the rest I've seen?
Yes, I'm good at oral!
do you need help laying that pipe? Or can you get it in there?
It was absolutely huge,much bigger than any of the ones you would have seen before.
I can't take it, its too long!
 it was big and black so I had to run.
Be careful! Don't stick the whole thing in your mouth, it's too big and you'll choke!
when he did it, it hurt so bad i teared, but then after the pain subsides and now it only hurts if i touch it.
Just as soon as I'm done doing her, I'll come. Hold on!
I can't get it to go in, I don't know what to do.
Now that's some good fingering.
Don't you dare put that thing back in there!
this is the longest problem ever!
I've seen longer.
 It's stuck again, help me get it out!
 This thing is huge. There's no way I'm gonna fit all this in my mouth.
Slide in all the way.
Three will do me... I had six once and couldn't walk.
It didn't fit in mine either but I just stuck it in.
Sarah get me a wet paper towel,  I got it all over my leg and it's dripping
Oh, I'm just going to give it to you orally.
What the hell is wrong with you?! I couldnt get all that meat in my mouth even if i push it in all the way down my throat.
Mr. Colby's was really long and hard, but Mr. Morris's was short.
its too soft to blow!
Once it gets harder, its easier to blow.
damn! I'm a good blower!
Keep trying. It's had a lot of fingers in it before.
I don't like them when they are soft, I like them when they're firm and hard.
I can't get it in there!
My favorite treat is the Ho-Hos. Those ho-hos are fully of yummy white cream.
I love the ding-dongs. They are long and feel amazing when they enter your mouth!
It's not longer, it's just harder
Stop jerking it so hard,its gonna break!
It might be a couple of minutes, I can't get it in!
Do we have to stay on top of you the entire night?
Oh man! I squirted!
That was so bad I'm gonna give you another chance.
It's dragging on the floor!
There's too much meat in my taco!
it'll grow bigger, even if it might look weird at first, just let it grow.
omg! that burned my throat.. seriously i couldn't swallow.
Why is it every time you come, you get wet?
I'm always banging something.
Its longer then I'm used to, but I handled it okay.
you know i really feel like there is something powerful between my legs.
yeah, just give it a tug and it'll come.
Yeah, but I've blown bigger ones, just didn't take pictures.
I love it so much! Look, it's pink on the inside!
KEVIN! Stop slapping it like that! Just smoothly slide it in!
Ugh, you got it all over me!
It's not my fault! You pulled out too fast!
Ugh! His head just won't fit! It's too big!
it's a white anaconda!
You got it all over my face and in my hair, stop spraying all over me.
its not long. It won't take you a lot of time
I touched it and was all hard!
I can't get it back in.
It's okay, you can put two in at once.
it turns me off because it's so thick but it's still pretty good.
I shouldn't yell or it might come in my mouth.
It's hard to get really deep.
Go ahead and come.
I can't stuff it in there. I need you to help me.
I want the thickest one!
It's not working.
You just need to stick it in there real good.
Are you using the one or two finger attack?
it's fun to play with, but I don't wanna stretch the hole.
It's full! I can't fit anymore in it.
i felt it penetrate, but once it was in and it released all the liquidy stuff i couldnt feel it. But now it aches like f*ck
Everytime I take it out this stuff gets all over my mouth
Awww man, I wish it was longer!
you just need to stick it in and push!
Wow it's a tight fit to get in there hey?
Why would anyone want to shove something that big in someone's mouth?
I just put the whole thing in my mouth and suck on it.
YOU DID IT TOO HARD!
Well at least I can fit in now
I don't know how it got so big and heavy, but it went in good!
God, its just so big. And it bulges out there!
That was the least suspenseful thing I ever saw. There was no climax, and I think the whole production lacked energy.
Damn that shit is going back and forth so fast i can't even see it.
Come on guys, 69 isn't even that hard. Someone do 69 infront of the class now.
It only takes the skinny ones too, every time I try putting a bigger one in that tiny hole, the entire thing gets jammed!
Holy moly! Six inches?! That's insane!
I didn't see him coming so I had to switch sides.
You need a wet finish.
Everyday I get rode on. First thing in the morning, I wake up and someones riding on me, its not just guys either, girls too. I get rode on long and hard and they just won't stop. I'm just tired of being ridden on while I'm not ready
O.K. guys, this is as hard as I can make it.
I know that took a lot of bouncing around, but aren't you glad that we did it together instead of you having to do it alone?
wow, ur fast 
That hole is so hairy!
Would you like the black one or the white one?
It doesn't matter. I'll suck on both.
Why are you so hard right now?
No! I want to see balls!
it was long and hard and boring
you have to go in hard and come out wet and breathless. You'll feel good when you're done.
That's okay we can just use lotion to get it off
just shut up and shove them in!
It's too hard to eat off of them.
You have to suck on it to make it a little bit to make it more slippery.
Get it out! Get it out! It hurts!
I don't like when too much gets in my mouth at once.
You can control that by sucking.But that's a big hole!
I love Dicks!
I know that as soon as I take my top off, he's going to come.
I was gonna grab the biggest one, but on an impulse I grabbed the small one, and it was the best choice I've ever made.
squeeze it hard..massage it...pull it till all the color comes out...yes it can get a little dirty
oh i loved it, i could ride that thing all day long
keep comming until I say stop.
i'll be wet before i get it up
You jerk him 'til he comes.
Oh sorry, that just fell out my box.
 oh wow that was so huge, but I just had to put it all in my mouth
I have a black man inside of me! All the time!
 I like the taste of them, I just don't like the feel of them in my mouth so I just suck on them.
 i can't feel my thighs or my ass, but i want to go again!
omg these are so hard to blow!
I know you end up feeling light headed, its easier if you hold them tighter otherwise they end up going all over the place.
Do you have any idea how long and hard I had to work to get her to come? Let alone, twice!
do it like I did it last night, knees on the floor.
if their toes didn't curl you didn't do it right
Man, this is a lot harder then it looks, i can't do it.
just keep trying, when i did it first i wasn't good either then i got better.
but u have to do it in front of me and put it all in your mouth.
Wait, why is it all over my face and not all over yours?
Size doesn't matter, it's how you use it
Dont you dare take that out of there!
excuse me, how do i suck on these balls?
Wow, you got me all wet and sticky.
I don't like a mouthful, I just like the taste.
Can we do this without talking?
is it suppose to hurt like that?
it will only hurt the first couple of times.
oh it doesn't matter the longer the better.
He would make a terrible father because as soon as it came close to the end he would just pull out.
My hands are too small and it's too big, I can't grip it
can you go down, i need to finish
It's just not fair, he keeps dangling it in my face and he just won't give it to me!
You know how that thing pops up? It was very little.
You want to go in there, don't you big boy?
Oh, you really gotta put the whole thing in your mouth, or else all the stuff comes out all over ya
I just can't seem to get it in the hole!
I'm Coming, I'm Coming. It just takes soooo long for me to get there.
ewww its all dirty, i dont wanna lick that
I'm not even going to touch that one I'm just going to sit on it.
There should be a hole right around here where you can stick the staff in. Hopefully it fits.
Stop forcing me in already! When I'M ready I'll come!
how big is this thing gonna get?
So I guess you can't be trusted with anything bigger in your mouth,
Put it in, you'll like it.
They're going to keep coming like a rain that never ends.
I'm sorry, I can't swallow this one.
Could you whip it out for me?
18 inches puts it here, we're gonna have to go in a little farther.
Hey, just because you got off doesn't mean I did.
If it went any deeper i probably would have thrown up all over it.
Tony! When you come use the backdoor
He whipped it out, tried to squirt it in my mouth, but he missed and got it all over my face!
Now he's taken it out. It looks pretty big.
It's all stretched out from your giant head.
Stop, the more you rub it, the more it comes!
I need to get better at blowing, I'm choking on it too much
Careful, its real slippery in there
I'm so glad you made me come.
You keep trying, but you can't get it in!
it's not even wet yet, and u wanna go faster?
Give me the thingy, I know how to work it,I'll just stick it in.
you didn't let me finish!
I really had to push that thing in because it wasn't fitting.
This is great. It's one quick gulp then you're ready for another.
I guess we'll have to do it orally.
Oh don't worry, when they see you coming they pull it out.
I did a load of blacks last night, they were all in there...
I'm a little suprised, its not usually that quick.
Just for that, I'm gonna whip it out and play with it.
Its a little stiff, but I can manage
i cant get it out of my throat! its like stuck in there!
 Yeah, look how wide her mouth opens!
i was just about to come and then you knocked
be careful, it's all wet and slippery.
WOW you must suck fast!
My backdoor is not working, you'll have to use the front door.
Look at the size of the things they're blowing! It's huge!
Wow, I put the whole thing in my mouth.
I like to be on top of you to make sure you finish the work
omg it just popped out in my face!
No, it's ok because i don't bite, I only suck.
it better taste good, cause it's coming fast.
Wow I hope i can fit it in my mouth
it gets stuck a lot, so you have to push really hard.
It's long but not hard
Don't worry, I can totally handle a big one.
Don't shove that big thing in my mouth!
Yeah, it's so big but my opening is so small.
I'll do it later. I don't want him to come while I'm down there.
My throat's numb! I'm ready to go!
Hurry up!
It's not my fault! I can't make this thing blow any faster!
We almost had a problem. I didnt think the hole was big enough.
small on size, but big on pleasure
Oh yes, the long, thick ones are hard to maneuver without suffocating.
It keeps being dried up when I pop open a new one
You can't dance beneath me when there's monster between my legs.
I scream really loud when it's hard.
Ugh! I keep sucking and sucking and sucking as hard as I can but nothing is coming out!
just blow and finger.
 Its to big to fit in, unless I twist it the right way. Or maybe if it was wet it would slide in better!
 You have to jerk it off to get it to come out
wow thats a big wiener to be putting in your mouth.
We have to make this a quickie, in and out.
I wanted to take a picture but I made it too big.
stick it in slowly then pull it out really fast.
My fingers are too small, my hands cramp up! It's just too hard!
I think Zach just put a load in
oh it doesn't matter the longer the better.
I'm better on bottom.
oh my god, it's way to big it won't fit.
If it gets stuck, don't worry. Just wiggle it a little, and it will come out.
If it weren't for me half these guys wouldn't even have wood
I can't wait to put this in my mouth!
Let's play the PS2, at least with disks when it doesn't work you don't spend 20 minutes blowing just to be screwed.
It was horrible...probably the most disgusting thing I ever put in my mouth! It just kept gushing out.
just pull it out while you're sucking on it.
Dammit it fell out.
You may be able to get it to fit, but it is a really tight space.
Oh, I like this one better. Its bigger!
liked to suck on them until they get soft.
Great job. You were really pounding those balls out there.
it's dripping down my leg
from up here it sounds like your sucking start blowing.
I'll have a 12 inch Italian.
OMG it's so big I can hardly get my mouth around it!
It is really big, but I find if you got at it from the side it's a little easier.
I'm too tired to get that off with my hand.
TWSS
Stop putting that white stuff all over my face
Fine, don't pull out, see if I care!
It's just so hard being on my knees doing it!
It's okay, I'll let you put it in anywhere you want the first time.
Hurry up and put more in your mouth. You'll never finish in time at that rate.
Oh c'mon, take it out again and let me play with it!
32 inches is too big for the bedroom.
lubricate the rod before putting it into the hole.
That sounds painful.
Well, it's not so bad once you get in your mouth.
how about I rub and you squirt?
what are my chances of getting head 3 times?
Oh my God, if you're going to come halfway in then just stay out!
Why won't it go in the hole??
OH NO! It was finally in and it slipped out, where is it, where is it?
It's right here between your legs!
I've been playing with it for a while but all I could get was a little squirt.
Wow that was pretty good, but i bet you can't do it twice in a row.
This morning I blew it so hard I thought I was going to throw up.
It's big enough you can feel it.
come one man, two straight days will wear a girl out!!
Wow baby, you sure were a trooper taking all those balls to the face
Moooom, it won't fit!
Just shove it in, honey, it'll be okay
Yea it's been awhile since I've done it, so I bled a lot, but now it feels great!
You suck and suck and suddenly you get a load in the back of your throat
This is way too small, it just doesn't feel right.
So how do you know when to pull out?
I can't fit it in my mouth! The cream keeps coming out and getting all over my hands!
Jeez, how many inches is that?
Damn, this is a tight fit.
UGH! When u screw it the stuff comes out!
Aww man, now i've got a huge stain on my shirt from a big old piece of wood.
I was waiting for you to stick your hand up in there
 your rod and shaft comfort me in great pleasure
I can only eat a six inch
But it doesn't feel that long.
I'm going to just close my eyes, lean back, and wait for you to finish.
i like to eat it plain because its long and juicy once you lick it enough.
Does he really need to back up that far to pull out?
Wow that took a lot longer than it should have.
Well you stuck it in there and I couldn't get it out.
If you don't open your mouth, it WILL go other places!
I like the bigger ones cuz they last longer
Hold on this will be amazing, if I can find it.
The more you wiggle, the tighter it gets.
remind me that I need a 12 inch piece of wood.
Oh yeah I'm fine. I just had something stuck in my throat
get inside, you can fit!
Try hard, Do your best it's only a test of how well you can do.  If you need help measuring get some help.  You want to be good when your doing it.
That's easy! You suck on it, the stuff comes into your mouth, and then you swallow.
I just kept shaking it, and shaking it,and I even pulled, but it just wouldn't shuffle.
Use two hands, and put all your strength into it
You don't SUCK it, you BLOW it.
 it needs to be long and fat.
Now don't jerk it too much or it'll fall off.
Oh my god it's so big! And furry!
Stick it in, then take it out in 20 minutes.
I can't take it. It's too big.
Stop talking and put some effort into it!
Wow this is big, i don't know if i can fit this in my mouth.
We were grabbing some balls and they kept slipping out of our hands
Oh my god! I love the taste of this!
It's too big we have to move it around to get it out.
Now I can handle 3 inches or so, but 6 is just too much to handle.
Dig deeper! Finish hard!
 I'm having fun getting it off, but it keeps going back in my face
it was too soft. I couldn't do anything with it.
It's not that hard just really long.
just put all three in your mouth!
great, there were so much of it, I got it all over my face!
Too big, I could ride that thing like a horse.
You went in the out door! Not allowed!
just relax and blow
Is that the hardest stick you've got?
Can you do 69 for me?
That's very good, I'm so glad you asked. Let's do 69!
I took it out of my mouth and it sprayed all over me
Yeah but I like it when it hurts
When are you going to pop up?
Wow that's a really big dog.
I guess so, but I've seen bigger.
Take it out before you shoot it!
it was so much bigger than I expected!
Just keep on beating it. You're not putting it in anytime soon.
 It looks like we have an uneven amount of people, some of us will have to form a threesome.
No I take it either way as long as it get's the job done.
What happens if they don't grow?
Just put it in and hope for the best.
Holy sh*t! It's so large and tender! I can barely fit my hands around it!!
It's so fun to squeeze, and hold, and play with. And! It smells good! I never thought I would find such perfection!
Oh that was a great entry boys.
Don't worry, it'll be quick and painless. I can do you right now, actually.
Well, we're not going to just shove something in, jerk it around, and then pull it out again
This stick is too long to aim at my lips.
it would be better with more people but one-on-one could still be fun
Does it matter where I stick this?
You can stick it where ever you want!
That guy had a huge load.
Let me know when you're getting off because I want to come at the same time.
You'd be amazed by what i can get done in 5 minutes
It won't come out!
You know, you can't fit an entire orange in your mouth.
You think your mouth's big enough, but it's not.
This thing has been poking me all day.
Well, if it will get you to come, sure it's my first time.
Is it hard to blow?
if any of you need a good fingering, John would be happy to help.
Damnit, old man! I wish you'd pulled out 2 minutes sooner!
put it back in so it can get hard again.
I will turn it all on, you put it in, and ill do all the work
Come on, put your fist in.
Push in and pull out slowly
Get out of my bush you little bastard, i just trimmed
Wow, it shriveled up quickly.
It's a pretty big hole...I put my finger in it.
Wow...that's wet!
Woah, yours is a long one!
Boy, the next time you come inside, you better have a good reason.
Wow, it's so short its embarrassing!
I love anything with balls.
My hands hurt, its cold and these balls are too hard.
I know. You're not supposed to rub off on me.
Gosh I'm so tired of waiting on this im just gunna shove it all in my mouth to get it over with!
wow' you're going really slow.
that's because I'm doing it with one hand.
Oh, my god Nick, you just about made me spit that out, like, EVERYWHERE.
you look exhausted how many of those did you take?
Wait how many fingers do I use for this?
Well I normally use three, but whatever you want.
I'm not good at this, it's too hard to blow. 
Omg, it's soo hot. It's all over my mouth and down my throat!
Oh yeah, Oh yeah, i LOVE the white stuff, its so delicious!
My boyfriend squirted something on me.
You need to be long and hard or else if wont go in right and you wont be able to pull out right
We can't fill 'er up because our hose isn't long enough.
Are you done in that hole? 
It was hard. And something I'd never done before.
Can you fit your whole fist in there?!
Getting pounded by a swift and smooth approximate 10". 75% definite whiteout conditions. There'll be a huge amount of white semi-liquid substance everywhere once the activity has finished near midnight. Maybe even missing work tomorrow from getting hit so hard.
Its too tight i cant get in.
No its small, i can get it in
You're in the right spot, just try to get in there deep.
This one's nice and thick.
Then be quiet, and either spread out, or I'll spread you out myself.
Why won't it go in? It's so small!
like he only came round for an hour and a half today but he still came
It won't go in! Either it's too big or the hole is too small!
Do that thing with your fingers, it needs to be a little larger.
There we go. It took us three tries, but we got it up and going.
Guys are you sure that you wanna go like that, I'm free, I have nothing better to do and if you want I can give each of you a ride if you guys want, especially you michael, you're my favourite.
You know that i'm just going to keep doing this all day, right?
It's coming out little by little. Coming out squirt by squirt.
Haha don't bend over, or you'll be screwed!
I like to put the whole thing in my mouth at once
yea that's how i like it.
If I did that harder it would have gone everywhere!
You have to get it wet or else it will get sticky!
Wow, it's really short but it seems like you get so much power into in.
This is so hard, but I'm so hungry, I'd put anything in my mouth.
It's not big enough.
Really ? It's the biggest one I saw in my whole life ! 
well I would need to wet it down before I slide down it.
OMG they are already hard, I just want to put it in my mouth right now!
There is one more to do, but it is really short.
Yeah, well, they're easier to blow when they're big.
I can't find the hole!
it might pop in your hand.
The little ones make it last longer.
just squirt it in my mouth, but make sure you aim, I don't want it to get all over my face.
shove it in deeper we don't want it slipping out
It won't go deeper because it's so big
Nah, I think he can squeeze it in.
I'm trying to angle it just right so I get more juices.
You can try! I've been sucking on this thing for ten minutes and haven't gotten anything.
it's easier to use your hand... it's faster
Right i'll go down on this one
Why do you have to put this one here? I think they look so much better without the rubber!
Don't pull it out yet! You're not finished!
I'll scream if you don't give it to me!
It feels soft, yours is so hard.
Who am I kidding, if it fits in my mouth I'll give it a go.
Houston, we have a problem. It's too big.
It is so hard, and impossible to make it very long.
don't think of it as hard, think of it as a fun experience.
Well, it was kind of thick and creamy and it was hard to swallow down...it kept getting stuck in my throat.
no its ok, you don't need to pull it out.
I want to wrap my fist around it, feel the hair between my fingers and just yank!
Don't make fun of me, he just got me so wet on that last ride.
The hole is too small, it wont fit.
Josh you could be on your second load if you would have done it right the first time.
Yeah, Pedro and I did it last night, but I'm not sure if it counted because he fell asleep half way through. I just kept going though, because I needed to get it done.
The Trojans were stronger and safer than ever.
oh my God, slow down this is just too hard.
you dont understand its really hard and I keep missing my mouth! it just wont go in while im moving!
Sometimes you have to hit it a few times to make it stay up. But once its up it stays there.
Ewww... Anything that comes out of a sack tastes terrible!
Well, I don't like the meat, but I like the flavor of the sauce.
Well, it's big and black...
If it wasn't wet, it wouldn't have worked!
I'm gonna go to the basement now and play with myself. Cya
Ow don't stick that up my butt, that hurts!
Okay, I need two large male parts!
aww, its all loose now!
I would be happy with 2 inches of penetration.
I felt it squirt all over my face.
you can't expect to just put it in, take it out, and it to be finished
Do you like salty nuts? Ive got plenty here in my hand
Let's wait until it gets thick before we put it in something.
I like the long, skinny ones. Those are very in.
I can't it's too tight!
stop blowing on it!
I'm not blowing anymore! I'm fingering!
I keep sucking but nothing will come out!
wow im getting really lightheaded from all this blowing!
Are you sure you want to continue unprotected?
It's too big! It won't come out!
Yeah, I always have to fake it with him too.
If it were just a little bigger we could all enjoy it!
Slow down, I can't hear you when I'm bent over and it's plugged in.
You can't just whip it out and be like, this is a meter.
Yeah, so I had to sit there and blow it really good so it would be dry.
it was so big it wouldn't fit in my mouth
Well, I can't do it as fast with my bad arm.
why the f*ck would you pull out right when im coming??
I wasn't expecting it to shoot up in my face like that
i love that stuff, squirt it right in my mouth
ok don't put to much down my throat, i don't want to choke
I can't get it in the hole! It's too hard!
I got in in the hole!
they should put rubbers on those things
i don't think you're going to get that out in time.
your nuts are stuck in my throat
God! You've been nailing me all day!
You got it in my eyes! They were open and now they're all wet!
It doesn't matter how big it is, just how much force you put behind it!
To open it, just finger it like this and push.
You gotta wiggle it around a little bit, it's kinda funky.
It wont work. Her hole is bigger than mine.
God, we've been doing this for, like, an hour and it's still stuck!
I didn't know if I was supposed to chew it, but it just busted all in my mouth! Now it tastes to bad to swallow.
Ugh! I always put it in the wrong hole!
it feels so good!
awesome now just keep doing what you're doing and we'll be done in a minute!
These Nerds are HUGE!
usually you have to jerk it a couple times before it does that
eww its all coming in my mouth
Ughhh, I finally managed to swallow it all.
Ew it's all wet and sticky!
wow, you are done already...?
What if it gets stuck in there?
I am going to have to do it sideways, it's just that big!
I just want it to vibrate hard enough so that I can feel it no matter what.
I'd pull mine out, but it's too hard to get out.
...their mouths stretched in passion.
this is starting to hurt my ass can we switch positions.
Watch, I'm gonna put it in that little slit.
i still use my fingers all the time
it starts around 11 pm and gets intense at 1 and stays like that till 3.
Some of them are harder than others, but play with them over the weekend and see how you go
Now, If you don't come, it's doubled!
Its not too hard. You just have to put it in the right place.
just stick it in and enjoy it!
But,I play with it all the time, I just can't stop.
put it in mine and see if it works
Ow that hurt! But it was fun so i'm going to do it again!
Well, they should have come sooner.
No one blows better than me!
I have cox on demand!
Travis! Just go down already!
This is so awesome i have three instruments playing in my box at once.
Yes, but she spit it out!
ugh, why do we have to do these balls, these are so slippery and big, I really like the dry and small balls.
I'm the same way. I just suck on it until it melts.
I don't know about your toothbrush, but my finger did a pretty good job this morning
I'm super sticky (I'm an art student and had been messing with glue all day) I'm dripping wet and the worst part is I assumed it wouldn't come until later on!
God! You guys are unloading on me!
Whew, this is a really tight fit but I'm about to get it off.
My finger needs a break
I'm pretty easy to please, you're the hard one
It was long, hot, and sweaty.
And then it started coming out of the bottom hole, so i had to lick it up before it made a mess
OW, why am I always the one taking balls to the face?!
She helped me put it in the back.
Oh please don't pull out before I get there.
Do you always have to be so rough?
I'm sucking but nothing is coming in my mouth!
UGH! I squeezed too hard, and it's gooey and all over my face.
You're a quick one.
Oh my God, it just squirted all over my hand!
It sucks because the grass is all wet. Slippery balls and yuckkk.
hey, how long is yours?
but I'm not good at oral!
This is longer than last time.
Well, you guys are growing up now, so it will be getting harder.
this is a ball-handling skill.
I knew it was coming but it surprised me anyway.
It's hard for you to slide into small spaces.
Sorry I squealed, that was the biggest one I've seen in a long time.
Grab me around the body here, now lean back and kinda thrust a few times... Just like that... A little more... Oh God that feels so much better. You can put me down now.
I was just happy I got him in there!
I'll stretch it until you come.
Oh look it finally came up!
you've got to make sure you shove that all the way in for it to engage.
I'll start slow and increase my performance.
Get on the bottom.
where should we put it?
Wherever you can find a hole.
yes go deeper
I keep trying to tell them that if they want it bigger than 8 1/2 inches, it won't work as well!
that sounds like a hand job i think you're the right person for that
ok this is gonna be very hard with four people, so who would like to suck first
That's beautiful too... with the big balls.
its packed in too tight I cant get it out
You have something down there I didn't know you had.
Oh god, ohh god, OH GOD! This is gunna be amazing!!!
i cant!! He needs to come FASTER!!
hun don't play with it, the more you do the bigger its gonna get.
Just because your done doesn't mean I am!
simply start at the base of the rump, rubbing your way out, and follow it to it's natural conclusion.
Be ready for the second one. There's no waiting.
five minutes is usually great, but sometimes I take it out early if it gets too hot
It's hard to get it flowing but once you do it's really nice.
Emily, pull out!
I know, I know, I never do. It's a habit.
Wow, that was a pretty big blast
Mr. Meyer, it's just too hard, and I can't bear it any longer. Can you just remove it?
You have to make me come again tomorrow, but I'll probably just sit around and watch you do all of the work.
You need to stay in longer, your pulling out too soon.
i can't play with this anymore, I'm all cocked out
Can that thing even spurt cream out anymore?
You can't just go in and pull out. You gotta stay there for a while. Also, keep it steady, nothing is worse than shaking. You may think you are doing a good job, but people don't like it.
This sucks I'm all wet and I don't know where I am
Good job, you put it in there!
He can't keep it up.
HEY FATTY, i get the top
Ouh, that's a honker. ...Yeah, wow you've really got a honker.
It's so big, look at all the white stuff coming out
Just shove it in as hard as you can!
You guys just keep coming.
No no! Go deeper! It's not all the way in yet!
But I'm not wearing protection!!
I can't get it back in the hole!
Why is he riding my butt so hard??
You're in good and deep now.
I heard you breathing. That's how I knew you were coming.
well I think it's in there but I'm not sure, it's really small
It just slides in so smoothly, and without any noise!
make sure to lick your reeds to keep them nice and wet.
Don't push it too hard, if it doesn't go in you must not being doing it right
Yeah, last week I beat my sister by putting 6 in my mouth, but then I started choking.
I know it's hard at first, but just try to relax and take it slow. You'll gain confidence and it'll get a lot easier.
has everyone finished writing this down? I want to rub this all off the board.
Because I don't want to get down on my knees.
Put it all the way in, but be sure not to release until you've pulled out.
Dude, I squeezed it and it shot up into the air and landed on my face!
Let me get wet real quick.
Did it go in?
 i almost had that in my face
The white one doesn't taste any different then the black one.
Wait could you do that once more, real slow so I can watch.
Just stick it in there already!
dang this is huge! i can easily fit 3 fingers in here!
okay i have to stop this my fingers are getting numb.
 it's to long. i don't know if this will work. It's just shaped so weirdly i don't know how they got it in here
Well I tried to get it all in my mouth before it made a mess, but it came out so fast.
it is the same but you have to suck instead of blow
make sure you bend your knees and grip it tight or we won't get anywhere
my butt is ready
Did you know you have a little hole right here? Do you ever play with it to make it bigger?
be gentle now you don't wanna strain yourself
its not funny it has happened to me and my lower back hurt for 3 days.
Everything was great, but your oral presentation didn't satisfy me enough
Oh My God i'm craving a foot long
I've never gotten one off that fast before!
Blow it harder, blow it like you mean it.
what are you doing! you are going to get my sheets wet
I've never done this hole before
would you stop using your hands and just stick the damn thing in!
everyone should want to have a big stick, but if you have one, you shouldn't go around telling people about it
Isn't it the biggest, best, most beautiful cock you have ever seen?
dude just stick it in this one, it accepts cash
ok guys, this thing is big and its super hard. so what we're going to do is hover right over it, tackle it, and then lower ourselves into it until it sprays. got it?
I thought it would be bigger!
Its not gonna fit, its oversized
i like licking that off first
I can't! It's so hard and my mouth is starting to hurt!
just stick them in any of the holes!
Man that was so fun! I learned so much and felt so good. I was hoping that it wouldn't end even though it was so long.
Dont spread your legs because I'm coming!
Wtf? You know I like the short fat ones!
Anything you can put in your mouth I can put twice as much!
It hurts a lot the first time it goes in, but it's a lot less painful the second time, and the third time you hardly feel it at all.
that's it babe... Pull out in front of everybody.
It doesn't have to be long, but it has to please me and it has to be easy for me to see.
Travis! knock it off, you got me wet, now finish already.
how long does it take to get hard?
It's huge!  It's like this long, and that big around.
Yeah. I put it in all the way...ohh, wait it's coming now.
I knew that was gonna be a good one as it was coming out of my mouth.
omg! were soo wet!
I dont know what that hole is for, I've never had to stick anything in there
Wow, that's the most impressive thing I've ever seen.
Because I always need something in my mouth.
You don't know what it's like to have these things hanging in your face all the time!
captain, we've got a breach in the lower level!
Damnit, you couldn't have pulled out 5 seconds ago?
You got to learn to work your mouth, and use your hands too.
I've been blowing this thing for two hours, and I've got nothing!
It's stuck between two balls and I can't yank it!
stick it in and keep it in till she comes!
i'm still waiting for it to go in
stop messing around in her shrubbery down there.
I was lying on my back in bed playing with it and it exploded in my face.
No! Don't pull out while I'm still coming!
And then I get to blow on a really long stick.
Just so you know, I'm going to choke this down for you.
Its very large and has a big thick protruding object. And even after 30 years it still produces the same orgasmic moment.
it hurts, but its a good hurt.
It got bigger, it won't fit back there
It's hot, warm and tastes so good in my mouth.
Don't hug him, you'll just get all wet.
How do you eat the foot-long? After six inches I'm stuffed!
Well, I like it both ways!
i was gonna shove it back in but i was afraid i would get electrocuted!!!
i tried to straddle it but it was too big.
hey man, you making my holes bigger?
put your fingers in all the holes.
You can just come, you don't have to eat.
CHAD, I'M COMING!
Why is everyone going so deep today
Oh good, I finally get to go down.
i like sucking all the flavor out till it turns white.
Wow! That thing is huge, there is no way that would ever fit inside my body!
 STOP!! get out of my butt!!
Aaah! I'm on my back!
Sorry, I didn't know how hard to do it.
I nearly had that in my cleavage!
but then it'd be all dry and you couldn't spread it!
If you don't take it in the mouth, you know where it's gonna go.
You are not permitted to do that.
Nah, its just thick and squishy
You know, I can fit two in my mouth at the same time, but it's kind of awkward.
It's not a big load.
If ure going to come late, come in the back!
I hate putting it in the back because I can't see where the hole is.
Do you have anything else I can put in my mouth?
Hi, I need some caulk.
Try not to get so soft too fast.
Are you pushing it in far enough? That might be why it's not turned on.
I wanna blow next!
I can't stretch it over the thingy!
OH It's running down my leg, dammit now it's in my sock.
So that's why I'm not getting any.
Oh no, it's stuck! We're going to have to cut it off!
It's shorter than I remember!
Now, a lot of you are doing it or have done it before, so you should have some idea of what you're doing.
Just because she sticks her head in my crotch doesn't mean you can, too.
You gotta bend your legs to get the thing in the hole.
omg! we're soo wet!
Just sit on it, pull it and it should release.
It's rubber and it feels weird.
 Oh god! There's a hole here too!! 
so tonight's the night to make it dirty.
I like this one because it's skinnier, but longer.
people could stick things in there and jiggle them around and it could ruin the whole system.
Oh, it's moist, just the way I like it
i guess i just liked sticks better than balls
okay I'll give ya a quickie.
i know it's long and hard, but try to stick in there.
put your monster in here
I hate it when it doesn't come out, because you know it's just going to explode.
Damn, I lost my grip!
watch the tip it tends to squirt!
Bitch, you better not pull out
Wow it pops up quick!
I don't think I can fit another one in me, im just too full!
Every time I squeeze it, it squirts me in the face!
This is soo hard.
I know it's longer then usual, but don't be afraid of it
I love that stuff, give me some.
Come on, just squirt it in my mouth or i'll steal it from you and suck it dry.
 dont push it too hard, it'll bleed.
just grab one and put it in your mouth, but be careful, it'll drip.
Man you're just too fast for me.
you can all go home and practice with your right hands.
I knew you were coming, but I didn't know you were going to do THAT!
It looks pretty huge and well-used.
Don't let it drip on the floor. Rub it on your hands
If you accidentally leave that unzipped, all your stuff will fall out.
don't get off until I tell you to.
 you wanna get it right the first time, you don't wanna have to keep putting your cargo in and out and in and out cause something might break
You might wanna shove your hand down there, and see if you can find it before you get in.
 can you fit that thing all the way in the back of your mouth?
something about it being ultra thick just makes it that much more filling.
I HATE it! He just came out of nowhere!
It's sore when I touch it and when you touch it
Now it shouldn't hurt, it just might be a little tight going in there. But once it's in there and going back and forth, there shouldn't be any pain. The only bad thing about it is the annoying grinding noise it makes!
I just can't wait to get that 6 inch in my mouth!
Oh sorry! I just blew in your face!
Go hard or go home.
I thought they were supposed to be bigger
 Stop playing with your self and get on with it, come on boys i want this to be fast paced
I liked the big balls better.
It's like I can't breathe without you inside of me.
 you just slide it in and that's it
It's too big, I need both hands.
Yeah, hold on. let me work the other one
Great, my pants are getting wet.
well tonight we're going all the way!
 i spit that out, usually i swallow that sh*it
Yeah when I get home im gunna rub her down for about an hour n then wax that bitch
My ass is really sore, but I like it a lot.
who wants to be the giver this time? and who wants to be the receiver?
Hop On And Off All Day
Yup. Done a couple blacks, you know nothing major.
No WAY! I LOVE MEAT!
Your bed is comfortable!
 If my whole hand covers it, then it's too small.
But, its so long and hard!
yeh he was a little bit stiff though.
just grab it and shove it up there
I'm bleeding and it hurts, but I think we should just finish.
Maybe you can get it in, but it'll be a tight fit.
I'm sorry I was riding you so hard.
 Jaysus u ripped the shit outa that hole!
AHHH! This one's a squirter! Somehow it sprayed into my ear too!! Grr now im gonna have smelly white crap all over my shirt all day. It's bad enough i'm already drenched in sweat.
When I opened it it was hard, then I bit into it and it tasted bad.
Yeah, I don't like them hard.
It looks funny, but it feels really good
Geez, it's dripping everywhere!
I can make it wetter if you want.
that was the worst seven seconds of my life.
Dang, I felt that one go in.
I just bang it hard til it submits.
its 50 cents a hole.
Wow, it's so big! I can't even open my mouth wide enough to fit the whole thing in!
You're gonna have to play with getting your hole wide enough.
i was trying to cheer the pants off of him.
everything about our intercourse pained me
 omg I'm so wet!
Please don't spray that!
I'm not blowing anything!
If I only had a few more inches.
Aren't you going to put him in? That's what I've been waiting for.
Would you say that it's more wide or deep?
Hmm, its wet...but it's not turned on.
Aw! It just blew junk in my eye
Sorry I just don't use it that often
it went right in my mouth! ew ew ew
Spread it out so i can see it better.
oh, man! I have never been so wet and sore in my whole life
Come on, just get it in the hole! Its not even that hard!
that would be a nice slot to fill
Hold on, I just want to get it up and done.
Use one finger, not your whole fist.
I'll give you some cream
AH! you got me all wet!
Guess we'll just have to play with it and see what comes out
Don't worry it's hard at first, but the more you do it the more you get used to it
First time seeing this video. Did Zakk get much bigger since then, or•ÈÀ is it just me? 
but if I lean over, everyone will see them.
There's two sizes of holes and it will only fit in the one. Make sure you get it right!
Ive been pounding that into him for the last year and a half.
wow.. that's a massive organ
Dang it, I was almost in!
That hit would have scored me so many points!
Just keep pushing, it'll come.
Just keep going, I'll put it on later.
I can feel the vibration against my legs
Just pull it out gently.
This thing is so tiny! How do I make it bigger?
you have to grind it nice and slow, that what us woman like
It hurts when I put it in and out.
just doesn't like gagging.
Turn me on and try me!
Hurry up and come inside.
The rod's gotta fit in the hole real nice and tight. If it slides right in, the hole's too big.
It's no biggie, you can just back up into my pole
 just go big or go home.
I know who you are. I know what you like. I know how you like it. Be here in 15-20 minutes.
oh, you got wood?
put it in the wrong hole
I don't get how this works, the thing won't fit in the hole!
They penetrate into you about this much.
Pull out now?? In our moment of triumph??
she played with bouncy balls all the time
it went right in my mouth! ew ew ew.
It's times like these where i wish my mouth was bigger.
ha you cant fit it in
yeah cause its too thick..
Man I hate the feeling of wet wood in my mouth
what?! that thing is not deep.
normally i just shove it in and suck it.
Now, if it's not rising, you may want to reposition your head!
You're eating me!
going down now.
Come in the other way, and you've gotta stay in!
Man, I hate reaching down there and not finding anything.
 some people do it different ways , some use there hands and go rough and some just don't care and go easy.
Oh my gosh, I love Dick's!
I like my meat hard.
It's sooo cute when you nibble it softly like that!
Wow, I didn't know what to expect and then it just came on my face.
Ahhhhhh, Ohhhhh, it went right in there.
Please do not ride me
Do you want the front or back?
I hope to come everyday because that means I make money everyday
Pull it out! Pull it out! Pull it out!
Ya i whacked those balls so hard!
Now I'm all wet.
You're getting her all wet just put it in.
Is it thick?
no, no, you have to do it harder and faster.
Man I love footlongs!
You have to lick it and then blow it.
Now let's do this loud and hard and fast, like it was meant to be done.
get me one!
nooo, i have to hold this in my hand, i wont be able to get it out
just put it in your mouth then you can use your hands!
You have to wait for it to get hard first!
could fit a little more in.
You cannot fit that WHOLE thing in your mouth
The longer they make you wait, the louder you'll scream.
You have to put it in when you score!
Just put it in any hole that's wet enough...
Everyone finally gets into it and then it's over!
 Wow, how do you keep it up
no, it's just bigger than what I'm used to.
well you see you have the shaft and you stick it into the hole
We've been at it for hours! Can't we just rest?!
I hated it, I don't like people in my mouth
Wanna tast my Fazoozle?
This is the farthest I've ever gone!
But I banged him!
It's really big and goes in really deep too.
 Im touched, and im also soaking wet!
Next time, gently place it in my hands.
There's not enough in this package!
you have to go hard at it for 30 seconds
ok you can pull out now
Is that one in? ...I can't tell.
That's the longest ride I've ever had!
ewwwww, it's in my hair... some one go get me a towel!
Justin, stop playing with my rack!
Put it back in and don't take it out!
bet you can't stick that whole thing in your mouth!
I'll squeeze it if I have to.
do you know how messy it will get if we do that in the tent?
Sorry but Jason already got my cherry
Wow, this thing is longer than I thought it was. We could jump rope with it!
I feel so big, it almost hurts.
Oh I'm easy, I'm always easy.
Then I caught a MASSIVE one and rode it till all that white stuff was gone!
It's an acquired taste.
I got it in my eye! It's stinging and burning!!
its so small and skinny and it has no juice.
Man! I'm sure going to get a big load today!
I took so long trying to shove it in the damn hole!
See look at how much smaller it is
Shew, I wish a ride could get me wet for once.
 I'm having a hard time getting it in. It just won't go in its too big.
Is that THING going to come in HERE?
it's so tiny, it hurts my eyes.
Mmmmmm, wonderful and wet! I really needed that.
Now, You all need to be up for this game.
I just love watching you try to get your mouth around that.
This one is not as big as some of the others I have had.
I hate how he always puts it in at the wrong time.
It's so hard, it's become a part of me
I love the taste, but it's just too big to fit in my mouth!
whoa that's a lot of nuts
Make sure you lube it up before you drill it in.
you gotta ride that
I'll take a ride on that for $600!
You're sticking out
If the SIZE doesn't amaze you, the TASTE will!
honey stop sticking your bones into people's soft spots!
What the hell, man? I'm putting in so much effort here and you're putting in none at all! You have to do some of the work, too!
You can feel free to put it anywhere you want.
you guys are never going to get a good sound that way, it doesn't matter if your fingerings are perfect or if your tounging is great, if you don't control your air and blow in a steady unbreakable stream, you will never be successful! its all in how you blow!
Donations accepted in the rear
Remember, guys, it's not about the size, it's all about the taste,
it only gets hard when it hits me in the face.
Straddling wood is more comfortable for me, because I ride.
let's all just squeeze in and we'll have a good time.
Ugh, I can't get it out!
It was so worth getting on my knees for that.
I usually try to get as much ash (sounding like ass) as possible until I have to knock it off...my record is only 2 inches.
it'll go down by itself, no need for you to stick your fingers down there
What'd you have to do that for?! I wanted to make 'love'!
Wait! you have to wrap it up before you just stick it in!
That's a mighty big snake. I don't know if you'll be able to fit it all in your mouth.
I heard it was short, but not that short.
Man this thing looks small but it's got alot of surface area.
I know, it was soooo fast
give me something to ride!
Is everybody in?
Wow, that's really stretching it!
Wow! I got her pants so wet!
other people need to get in there.
It's long, but its not hard.
Whoa, I made it bigger!
oh my knees hurt, can you remind me not to kneel next time?
You get the front and i'll get the back.
slow down, i can't get it in the hole.
If you only do easy ones, then you'll be screwed when you come across a hard one.
Do you need any help getting it up? Wait...
No, it won't fit in that spot! Try the other hole ... See? It fits better in there.
It's ok, I just want your meat.
It's so wet down here.
I'm going to get my vibrator and go to bed!
WRONG HOLE!
I'M ALL WET AND STICKY!
Ya, that's the right one. I think you're putting it in wrong.
I don't like it going in really deep at first, but then when I warm up I like going down,
Maybe you should go around the other side
I think I can get in there. Wait, it's stuck in the bush, I don't know if I can get it out...
Okay, I wake up in the middle of the night, and it feels like he's been inside me
man, this is a weird screwing position.
haha, but seriously its hard.
Leave it in!! I'm getting wet, and its already in too deep!!
Really? I couldn't tell... How into me are you?
Knead it first, then you gotta suqeeze to get the white stuff out
What can mess things up is if it's really hard because if it's too hard, you'll be in there for over an hour just putzing around.
I told him a thousand times not to squirt it in my face but he did it anyway!
just a little bit more, little bit more, yeah right there.
Just hold on, I'm coming!
It wouldn't fit in the hole
Didn't we already do this hole?
Wow, it's not as hard as it's supposed to be.
Just hold the two balls in your hand before doing anything else with them
well if he comes in to my hands i can do what i want with him
Try to rub it off before you stick it in.
Screw the white one the black ones bigger and you get more bounce off of it. Who cares if its a little hard to control!
Holy cow, this thing is scary, it's too big for me.
Get it in my mouth, not on my face!
Worry less about the ball and more about the head!
Alright, I'm going to need one of you manly men to put some wood in for me.
The Nut went down the wrong pipe
It's practically in my mouth...it's in my mouth!
[the bracelette] it tends to stretch when wet
Dang it all! It's supposed to be hard, not soft!
Can I go a day without you trying to jam meat down my throat?!
it tends to stretch when wet
I've never blown a giraffe before!
It's okay i get hit in the face with balls all the time!
There's something wrong, its just not going in!
oh no its okay, you could push it in more
Just getting it in correctly is half the battle!
It was hard, but kinda fun.
omg, I don't like any of these positions!
I remember when Dad asked if I was ready to handle a populated road and I was heaps excited but when I came to the intersection, I pulled out too late and a guy came in my ass
hey stop putting your finger in there!
Hold it gently...Your shoving it in too hard!
I couldn't stop staring at it... it was just so red.
you have to go up and down.
That's good, because no matter how wet you get her, it still won't penetrate!
Well, 13 inches is way too small. I could do 15, but I'd prefer 17- It'll make everything faster.
Wow. This one's a mouthful
It's a good three inches deep. You should be able to fit a nice big sized rod in there.
I don't like the thick ones. I can't hold on to them if they're too thick.
There's just something about Papa John's sauce
Eww.. it's all over me. My face is sticky and I'm wet.
I squeezed one of them too hard and it went up my nose.
I was gonna blow that!
wow, look how long that guy is.
Almost done, only two more holes left!
tell me if I'm going too fast and I'll slow down.
He was too lazy to come.
Oh my God. I can't keep this up all night. It's too long and hard for me to do! And then I'm trying not to scream, and it's just making me more crazy!
GET IN THE HOLE! Damn this thing is just too big! I'm gonna freaking EXPLODE!
it was the best thing I've ever put in my mouth!
Why are they all so big? I just want a small pair of balls!
Dude, you just blew it all over my face.
What happened to the rubber?
First I like to go up, then I like to go down, then from side to side and then all around.
I really love it, but I'll have to work my way around the nuts
I love staring at people when they pull out.
That won't work like that, try putting it in this hole.
It's short but gets straight to the point
I thought I could swallow it all, but I was wrong.
Oh yeah, I love some meat in the morning.
Joel, Why is this part so big?
Omg it hurts so much but it feels so good.
I could blow better than him.
At least he has a nicely trimmed bush.
Then let's do it!
wow you stretched me so good.
oh sorry it was so little I didn't even notice it
Wow, eight dollars is cheap for a handjob!
Just stick that wherever it fits, there's gotta be a big enough hole somewhere.
It's very sensitive, use your finger.
Honey, do you want pink or brown?
Don't expect me to keep sucking on it before i swallow!
it's not like they are both in your mouth at the same time.
what part of our relationship makes you think you can go in there.
Don't worry I'll grab your meat.
I have a muffin downstairs.
I opened my mouth too wide and it dribbled out.
I was okay, then I just started getting all wet and I didn't really like the feeling of it
if you go down low and pull out in the corner, your gonna get back tapped by 4 different guys
it was little but it went deep.
No thanks, the little ones don't last long. I prefer the bigger thicker ones.
It's so slippery, I can't get a good grip on it.
squeeze it really hard until it comes.
I'm just trying to get this sticky stuff out of my hole.
It was so good, I wish it was still in my mouth.
Well...I yelled at her. Then I got her wet.
I don't know why this puts me at a loss for words but I'm taking it out!
Well, it's not quite the size I wanted it to be, but it'll have to do.
I would let you poke me in the butt with it too.
Alright it is going to be hard when you first try, but it will get easier at the end.
i like it cause the stick is so big, it feels good, its so easy to pull
Ugh, Why is it so slippery?
I think it might have been the group that was just using it.
What's the matter, just suck it up, it's going to be over in a couple seconds anyways!
You guys might not care if it's dirty but us girls sure do.
Wait, let him slide in first
Oh my god it's too much i can barely swallow.
Stick the narrower part in first, it goes in easier that way.
You know I hate it when you squirt me in the eye!
This is way to much meat for me.
It's still not very big
If the legs aren't straight it's going to go in crooked.
You have to pump it long and hard so there is enough pressure for it to squirt.
I cant get my fingers in there it's too tight!
Mmmmmm, it's salty.
Eww this has a hair on it!
forget about the wrapper, I want it in my mouth now!!!
I'm tired and irritated of being in the same position!
We may be in for a wild ride, it's coming at us hard, but if we are prepared we may be safe.
we did it in the bathroom and it got all over my face.
it keeps going in and popping out again!
Go ahead, come in my hole!
its always so sticky and hard to get out of your hair.
it's not that hard, we just haven't done it in a while
I need a 12 inch Italian Stallion (meat pizza).
This thing just won't go in,
Maybe we should switch positions.
Ugh, a big glob just landed on my cheek.
I can feel it with my hand, but I can't put it in the right spot.
Wait we didn't do it right, there was supposed to be a big explosion at the end!
this one's ugly but doable.
I wouldn't be able to pull out with this big thing.
I wasnt sure if i could take anymore but i swallowed it anyways
you have to pull it long and hard until it comes.
The next time I see a pole, I'm jumping on it!
hit that crack and it should go in the hole
I got blessed with Glenn's... so long!
OW! Walter! You're so god damn big! I think you broke it!
I can't get it to come out
Try sticking two fingers up there
That black one was really short. I was kind of disappointed.
it comes in spurts.
I'm getting double meat.
Come on Arin just Grab it and go
Go ahead and stick it in there when I'm not looking.  It won't make it hurt any less!
 Sorry I cant talk when my mouth is full
He's not going to be able to get in the backdoor, there's a stool in the way.
anything penetrating yet?
UGH! I keep licking it and rubbing it and it won't come off!
I will wait until it's hard.
I like where you're head's at.
dont worry, the first hole is a practice hole
I feel so bad. I know you must've been looking for the perfect place to stick that in all night long.
I'm just going to wrap your meat so it doesn't mix with the eggs.
If i squirt you, then you can squirt me.
Can we finish this orally, my hand is starting to hurt.
...but Harry, you are SO thick sometimes!
ya, guys are in and out before you even get your pants down
Every time you come in my room you make a mess.
It's so thick I can't get my hands around it.
Oh jeez that's no good, he hasn't even pulled out yet and he's already losing wood.
if you play with it in front of me, I'm going to want to touch it.
It's so moist I can eat it all night long.
be careful, you're getting protein on the floor.
I have to keep this in and around my mouth at all times.
 That's huge, I bet it hurt!
I don't want it to blow in my face.
It's so awkward, I hate how he always tries to have a conversation with me while he's in my mouth.
I think it's in already.
Okay, but you can't have my cherry.
 it starts out soft but then gets hard and long and gives you a great ride.
caviar should be round and hard and of adequate size...and it should burst in your mouth at precisely the right moment
I don't know if my throat can take anymore. It was hard enough to make it the whole 10 minutes.
I have been having trouble getting them up today but luckily the guys around here are patient.
I'm sorry if it's a little dusty down there.
I can't go 2 minutes without getting railed from behind
If you put it in there without a cover over it it will get so hot that it will explode everywhere, and i don't want to make a big mess.
Try to stick it in the other hole
ugh, love the taste but hate the texture.
Open wide so I can stick it good in there
Wow, you can spread them.
Give me some Dick
Don't pull out! DO NOT PULL OUT!
aww! I was about to blow and it got all in my hair!
I don't know how to go down on this thing.
Wow, two holes and you miss them both.
Whoa I didnt know it would come out that fast.
I've been trying to get that f-ing nut off all day but it was too hard and tight!
that hole wasn't that big!
He was big and I was nervous, I just took the picture and got out of there.
Huh, I've tried sticking things in there before, but nothing ever worked.
I take most of my shots in the behind.
That position looks awkward.
Oh, it looks super-awkward for people watching, but it feels GREAT when you're doing it.
My brother always wants to touch it....my sister is afraid of it....and my mom wants nothing to do with it.
Well that looks like a mouthful.
I know it's only a couple inches, but it makes a big difference.
just no matter what keep making me take it, even if you have to shove it down my throat.
I don't wanna blow Kevin's! I have no idea where that thing's been!
it feels tighter than before.
Thanks asshole! I really wanted your spray in my face.
it was nowhere as big as he said it was.
wow I've never seen any that thick before! I bet this means we can't fit as many in now.
You just have to keep rubbing it!
it's not that big, stick it in your mouth and suck it till the juice comes out
Face your partner and simultaneously raise your sticks. Then as your partner jabs at you with his stick, move inside so as to avoid the full impact. Then use your left hand to grab their stick, while simultaneously shoving your stick into your partner's face.
grrr.. my vibrator is broke
make sure your grip on the shaft is tight and your strokes long and hard.
My thighs are sooo freaking sore.
It's okay. It's your first time, it'll get better.
no sucking for at least a week.
I like medium-sized, not massive.
God, how many times do I have to blow this thing to make it turn on!?
It's so juicy, it's running down my face.
You stuck it WHERE?
You have to pump it til it squirts.
Don't you think these buns are a little too big for this meat?
That's okay, We're used to being on our knees.
I think you just play with it until it comes out.
OK... I swallowed!
man I hope that thing doesn't infect me I don't want to get a shot!
it only works if it's wet
you're in then you're out, you're up then you're down
i could beat it for you if you want me to
I've never seen anything so short in my life!
Aw you popped  my cherry! Wow, that's disgusting...
Hurry up!! It's getting hard! It's getting hard!
I'm trying! But it's getting all over my hands!
Argh, you always come at such annoying times.
I don't know if I can fit another one in, I've already had so much junk inside me this week!
I want to ride that big banana!
blow harder, it'll come out eventually.
I don't think I am doing this right.
You are supposed to use two fingers.
Yeah, going in is a lot tougher than coming back out.
Oh, well I am used to spreading my legs.
Tweedeley dee, tweedeley dum, look out baby cause here I come.
I can't hold your position unless you come.
but I don't wanna bend over, I'm all sticky
It's really dry, do you want me to pull it out now?
I just suck on it till the juice comes out.
Why am I always the one who has to go down?
When I blow, nothing happens!
It's great, because there's a ton of positions and it's still really satisfying.
It looks better when its all wet.
The stuff comes out no matter where you squeeze it.
Come over here and I'll show you how to put this thing in.
I can't see it, can you make it bigger?
Oh, I can fit a bigger one.
Geez, it's like he's never eaten out before!
It's too big, it's too wide, it's too strong, it won't fit, It's too much, it's too tough
Is that where you keep your balls?
which side sucks and which side blows?
gosh, your making me so wet
harder, harder, yeah. i like it that way.
You need to keep your contact tight and your hips loose.
Oh man, we have a lot of good ones. I just wish I could remember them.
Yea, too bad they only come when we are drunk.
Oh, I guess my hole was just big enough for you to fit it in.
You can put it it in or take it out, but either way, you're not going to sleep tonight.
I could make sex, but it doesn't fit anywhere.
Does it really matter if it's bent? You're just going to take it out in a minute anyway!
I like to just put a whole load in my mouth and suck on it
wow this knob is stiffer than I thought it would be.
wow! its amazing how fast it exploded!
My arm is so tired...it feels like its about to fall off.
Harder, faster, keep going!
...so they can dock their boats in the Queen's harbor.
In fact, you're soft all over!
Oh man, I wish I came last night.
wow, we haven't gotten ANY sleep...
Get that white stuff out of my ear!
What am I, your ball washer?
Will you two stop playing so dirty! You just keep wacking each other over and over. Obviously it's not doing anything.
This bush smells so good, I just want to keep my face in it all day.
oh yea, right there. rub it harder.
It's spraying that stuff everywhere and no one's cleaning it up.
let's try going deeper, just make sure to keep track of both balls and keep gripping them!
I need more wood.
Are you done yet?
it doesn't have to be that hard to be effective.
OMG I JUST CHOKED ON THIS! I was sucking on it and I didn't think it'd go up!
These nuts are too small, they are so hard to find.
Oh I don't want to do this one, it's too long.
get out of it down there, your whiskers are tickling me!
God, I love Cox!
Be careful, I don't want it going off too soon again.
This ball is too big!  It won't fit in between my legs!
easier to put in than take out.
You really need to learn how to screw better.
I'm sorry, I just haven't learned how to screw as good as you.
Don't poke me with that! It's got white stuff on it!!
There's no way I can vault over that!
Oh, don't worry, it'll stretch when you hit it.
Don't worry, It's still in there ma'am
Sure, just spray it in my eye.
I put it in but then it hurt really, really bad so I pulled it out really fast.
this thing is too big and hard and it makes me gag!
Thomas you have to push it in and twist!
Whack it as hard as you can.
its not as big once you get it in your mouth.
deeper, go deeper! deeper!
Then should we suck you dry?
If you squirt that in my face we are no longer friends.
hey don't bite so hard!
It went right in; you just slipped it right up there!
Whoa! Looks like something big went down here.
You took it out way to early and im sooooo wet! Put it back in and don't get it everywhere!
Sure, just make me go down, why don't ya!
There's more on the floor than in my mouth.
I just squirted everywhere!
Drive those balls deep
It's not coming fast enough.
its pretty hard, but I can usually ease myself into the hole.
wow, I really opened myself up for that one.
Eww there's fur in my mouth.
Why do they stick it in so far?
Where should I spit this?
You know, I think you took it out too early...put it back in for a while.
i like 'em really tight.
just put it in and it will be all downhill from here
Nolan! You got it all over my face!
 You're doing it wrong, you have to push hard and make sure you get in there deep.
Well, it was all the way down, then Jenny brought it up some, and Kristin got it all the way up.
Just aim at the hole and shoot it in.
Do you want to come and taste my sauce
but hes doing it so hard and fast!
oh its bigger than I thought.
hey is that a grande? I paid for a grande but it doesn't feel like a grande.
AHH! It exploded in my mouth! But it tastes pretty good!
Am I doing this right?
I don't even know who I should go to...a bone doctor?
Open package and insert here.
Damn I penetrated too far!
That's huge!
I regretted it as soon as I put it in my mouth.
Keep going
I'm looking for a better one.
pull out now
Oh, I didn't know you pulled it out already.
I know its hard, but we just gotta ride it out.
Ok, do you want to suck first or should I?
It only looks big because it's all red
Come on! If it had gone in my mouth I wouldn't have cared, but you had to shoot it up the wrong hole!.
aww, man! the cap broke off! now it's spraying everywhere!
make sure you put it in soon or I'll cut it off.
Yeah, sometimes I like to open her up and play with her.
it's sooo hard! I can't fit it in, it's just too small.
wait, I'm coming!
 I got my kness all dirty for nothing!
Yeah, you know I have the biggest mouth in the whole school.
it was soooo long, and really hard.
That's the biggest shot I've ever taken.
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were still inside.
best 4 inches ever
pull out the stick, wipe it off, then put it back in.  Then pull it out again and look at how much fluid is left on the stick.
Oh, I thought it would be longer.
Don't worry, I blew him dry.
it goes down easy but is hard to get it back up.
Come with me!
Ahh, it hit me right in the face.
you didn't put it in far enough.
I can't keep it in my mouth.
that is at the worst possible angle to get it in there.
my shaft is longer than yours.
do you really want it going into your mouth when you are sleeping?
well most people are able to feel it go into them.
I can feel it in my butt.
it doesn't hurt if you go fast enough.
