We have too many high sounding words, and too few actions that correspond with them.
The reins of government have been so long slackened, that I fear the people will not quietly submit to those restraints which are necessary for the peace and security of the community.
Shall we be despised by foreign powers for hesitating so long at a word?
Deliver me from your cold phlegmatic preachers, politicians, friends, lovers and husbands.
I regret the narrow contracted education of the females of my own country.
If we do not lay out ourselves in the service of mankind whom should we serve?
Luxury, that baneful poison, has unstrung and enfeebled her sons.
A little of what you call frippery is very necessary towards looking like the rest of the world.
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
Knowledge is a fine thing, and mother Eve thought so; but she smarted so severly for hers, that most of her daughters have been afraid of it since.
Great necessities call forth great leaders.
The good thing about being a hypocrite is that you get to keep your values.
My mother didn’t try to stab my father until I was six.
The final result of our researches has widened the class of substances sensitive to light vibrations, until we can propound the fact of such sensitiveness being a general property of all matter.
There cannot be mental atrophy in any person who continues to observe, to remember what he observes, and to seek answers for his unceasing hows and whys about things.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Neither the Army nor the Navy is of any protection, or very little protection, against aerial raids.
It doesn't matter who you sleep with, it's how you treat other people in this world.
I don't think anything lives up to what you envisioned.
Tara: Sweetie, you wouldn't blow off a class if your head was on fire.
My will, my faith and my body have been challenged, but make no mistake, my heart is strong and my resolve to fight will never be broken.
We are squandering our wealth in many respects, to the extent that we persist in our imperial delusions, we're also going to squander our freedom.
I was at a point where I was ready to say I am what I am because of what I am and if you like me I'm grateful, and if you don't, what am I going to do about it?
I don't quite jump for joy, but I am awfully glad to see him.
To this day, when men meet me, there's always that movie in the back of their mind.
A great photograph is a full expression of what one feels about what is being photographed in the deepest sense, and is, thereby, a true expression of what one feels about life in its entirety.
No matter how sophisticated you may be, a large granite mountain cannot be denied — it speaks in silence to the very core of your being.
There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.
The only things in my life that compatibly exist with this grand universe are the creative works of the human spirit.
Paris Hilton gets more coverage than Congo, Darfur, Palestine, and Nahr Al-Barid combined.
The economic repercussions of a stock market crash depend less on the severity of the crash itself than on the response of economic policymakers, particularly central bankers.
We have a wretched motley crew, in the fleet; the marines the refuse of every regiment, and the seamen, few of them, ever wet with salt water.
What do you think would be my fate if my misguided countrymen were to take me prisoner?
How pitiable is it to reflect, that although you were so fully convinced of the benevolence of the Father of Mankind, and of his equal and impartial distribution of these rights and privileges, which he hath conferred upon them, that you should at the same time counteract his mercies, in detaining by fraud and violence so numerous a part of my brethren, under groaning captivity and cruel oppression, that you should at the same time be found guilty of that most criminal act, which you professedly detested in others, with respect to yourselves
Presumption should never make us neglect that which appears easy to us, nor despair make us lose courage at the sight of difficulties.
God forbid that the day should ever come when, in the American mind, the thought of man as a "consumer" shall submerge the old American thought of man as a creature of God, endowed with "unalienable rights."
I pity the man who wants a coat so cheap that the man or woman who produces the cloth will starve in the process.
Although the shooting war is over, we are in the midst of a cold war which is getting warmer.
Those who matter don't mind, and those who mind don't matter.
There are no such things as incurable, there are only things for which man has not found a cure.
To me, old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
I am quite sure that in the hereafter she will take me by the hand and lead me to my proper seat.
Vote for the man who promises least; he'll be the least disappointing.
It will fluctuate.
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago.
Law is merely the expression of the will of the strongest for the time being, and therefore laws have no fixity, but shift from generation to generation.
A man may be down, but he is never out.
I had never thought of advertising as a life work, though I had on the side, written some very successful copy.
The American conception of advertising is to arouse desires and stimulate wants, to make people dissatisfied with the old and out-of-date and by constant iteration to send them out to work harder to get the latest model—whether that model be an icebox or a rug or a new home.
Surely no one will consider us lacking in reverence if we say that every one of the "principles of modern salesmanship" on which business men so much pride themselves, are brilliantly exemplified in Jesus' talk and work.
Much brass has been sounded and many cymbals tinkled in the name of advertising; but the advertisements which persuade people to act are written by men who have an abiding respect for the intelligence of their readers, and a deep sincerity regarding the merits of the goods they have to sell.
Learn their lesson, that if you would teach people you first must capture their interest with news; that your service rather than your sermons must be your claim upon their attention; that what you say must be simple, and brief, and above all sincere — the unmistakable voice of true regard and affection.
He was in fact an adman: persuading, recruiting followers, finding the right words to arouse interest and create desires, in short exemplifying all the principles of modern salesmanship.
I knew I'd never be more than a second-rate business man and a second-rate writer — so I decided to add the two things together and be a first rate advertising man.
Ric Flair was still the biggest draw in either company(in 1998).
Give us a reading on the 1202 program alarm.
Magnificent desolation.
There was something out there, close enough to be observed, and what could it be?
I heard somebody say that the war ended today, but everybody knows it's going still.
I see so many little boys I wanna marry, I see plenty little kids I've yet to have.
Now if I lived in my land, which I do, if I lived in Iceland, if I lived in Greensland I'd still have Chinese children, but out of my ears my little grey baby hears.
I am not a critic; to me criticism is so often nothing more than the eye garrulously denouncing the shape of the peephole that gives access to hidden treasure.
New York is the meeting place of the peoples, the only city where you can hardly find a typical American.
After all, it is not where one washes one’s neck that counts but where one moistens one’s throat.
Well, isn’t Bohemia a place where everyone is as good as everyone else — and must not a waiter be a little less than a waiter to be a good Bohemian?
Suffering for love is how I have learned practically everything I know, love of grandmother up and on.
Of course I think of the past and of Paris, what else is there to remember?
We are adhering to life now with our last muscle — the heart.
There is always more surface to a shattered object than a whole.
The heart of the jealous knows the best and most satisfying love, that of the other’s bed, where the rival perfects the lover’s imperfections.
I’m a fart in a gale of wind, a humble violet, under a cow pat.
Dreams have only the pigmentation of fact.
The night is a skin pulled over the head of day that the day may be in torment.
One's life is peculiar to one's own when one has invented it.
Destiny and history are untidy.
A man is whole only when he takes into account his shadow as well as himself — and what is a man's shadow but his upright astonishment?
Life is not to be told, call it as loud as you like, it will not tell itself.
A strong sense of identity gives man an idea he can do no wrong; too little accomplishes the same.
Oh, there is nothing better than intelligent conversation except thrashing about in bed with a naked girl and Egmont Light Italic.
ANATHEMATIZATION OF THE WORLD IS NOT AN ADEQUATE RESPONSE TO THE WORLD.
that’s chaos can you produce chaos? Alice asked certainly I can produce chaos I said I produced chaos she regarded the chaos chaos is handsome and attractive she said and more durable than regret I said and more nourishing than regret she said
chaos is tasty AND USEFUL TOO
There was no particular point at which I stopped being promising.
bins black and green seventh eighth rehearsal pings a bit fussy at times fair scattering grand and exciting world of his fabrication topple out against surface irregularities fragilization of the gut constitutive misrecognitions of the ego most mature artist then in Regina loops of chain into a box several feet away Hiltons and Ritzes fault-tracing forty whacks active enthusiasm old cell is darker and they use the “Don’t Know” category less often than younger people I am glad to be here and intend to do what I can to remain mangle stools tables bases and pedestals without my tree, which gives me rest hot pipe stacked-up cellos spend the semi-private parts of their lives wailing before 1908 had himself photographed with a number of very attractive young girls breasts like ballrooms and orchestras (as in English factories) social eminence Dutch sailors’ eyes subsequently destroyed many of these works
love tap the glass is one and three-sixteenths inches thick laminated with plastic top stop a bullet from almost any sidearm indifferent office cleaners smudge views of the acrobat ordered the girl to get up and dress herself dream of the dandy leaves and their veins modern soft skin a car drives up a policeman jumps out tinkling sackcloth provocative back controlled nausea whimpering forms pardonable in that they trump irresistible to any faithful mind hybrid tissues zut powerful story of a half-naked girl caught between two emotions two wavy sheets of steel food towers in Turin a collection of dirks who is that very sick man? age-old eating habits crowd celebrating the matter with him is that he is crazy Paul and Barnabas preaching a bunch of extras going by sketch and final version automatic pump salad holder taking the French shoe tired lines to be taken literally no sexual relations with them
At night I drank and my hostility came roaring out if its cave like a jet-assisted banshee.
Is it true, as Valéry said, that every man of genius contains within himself a false man of genius?
The genius has noticed that he does not interact with children successfully. (Anecdote)
A giant brown pantechnicon disgorges the complete works of the Venerable Bede, in all translations, upon the genius’s lawn—a gift from the people of Cincinnati!
In the serenity of his genius, the genius reaches out to right wrongs—the sewer systems of cities, for example.
He is a drunk.
Capitalism arose and took off its pajamas.
The imminent heat-death of the universe is not a bad thing, because it is a long way off.
Then Daumier looked at Celeste and saw that the legs on her were as strong and sweet-shaped as ampersands and the buttocks on her were as pretty as two pictures and the waist on her was as neat and incurved as the waist of a fiddle and the shoulders on her were as tempting as sex crimes and the hair on her was as long and black as Lent and the movement of the whole was honey, and he sank into a swoon.
Best not to anticipate too much, said Thomas, it jiggles the possibilities.
The present goal of the individual in group enterprises is to avoid dominance; leadership is felt to be a character disorder.
As a magician works with the unique compressibility of doves, finding some, losing others in the same silk foulard, so the rebels fold scratchy, relaxed meanings into their smallest actions.
Self-criticism sessions were held, but these produced more criticism than could usefully be absorbed or accomodated.
Naked girls with the heads of Marx and Malraux prone and helpless in the glare of the headlights, tried to give them a little joie de vivre but maybe it didn’t take, their constant bickering and smallness, it’s like a stroke of lightning, the world reminds you of its power, tracheotomies right and left, I am spinning, my pretty child, don’t scratch, pick up your feet, the long nights, spent most of my time listening, this is a test of the system, this is only a test.
Food, said Goethe, is the topmost taper on the golden candelabrum of existence.
Music, said Goethe, is the frozen tapioca in the ice sheet of History.
The English, Goethe said in parting, are the shining brown varnish on the sad chiffonier of civilization.
Inside the abandoned houses subway trains rushed in both directions and genuine nameless animals ate each other with ghastly fervor—
The funniest thing in the world is a general trying on a nickname.
On another evening, as we were on our way to dinner, I kicked the kid with carefully calibrated force as we were crossing the Pont Mirabeau, she had been pissy all day, driving us crazy, her character improved instantly, wonderfully, this is a tactic that can be used exactly once.
Show me a man who has not married a hundred times and I’ll show you a wretch who does not deserve God’s good world.
“The Continental Congress resolved that your famous plainneff and modefty would be ill ferved were it known that a houfe for your horfe was paid for from the public purfe.”
Who among us is not thinking about divorce, except for a few tiny-minded stick-in-the-muds who don’t count?
Poignance is all.
When computers learn how to make jokes, artists will be in serious trouble.
I have said this too many times to make it interesting even to myself, but the principle of collage is one of the central principles of art in this century and it seems also to me to be one of the central principles of literature.
Beckett’s pessimism makes Greene’s pessimism look amateurish.
Charm, as Goethe said, is the dead green bug on the golden leaf of occasion.
Any fool can cry wolf; to cry sheep is inspired, the work of a subtle, contradancing mind.
Like all artists, Love has a multiplicity of fathers, including those fathers who nip in for a night and are never heard from again, leaving a half-remembered image with no name to put to it.
One of the pleasures of art is that it enables the mind to move in unanticipated directions, to make connections that may be in some sense errors but are fruitful nonetheless.
I certainly don’t write to exclude anyone.
One of the beautiful things about words is that you can put words together which in isolation mean nothing, or mean only what the dictionary says they mean, and you put them together and you get extraordinary effects.
It is well to be simple once in a while.
In this century there’s been much stress placed not upon what we know but on knowing that our methods are themselves questionable—our Song of Songs is the Uncertainty Principle.
Beckett’s work is an embarrassment to the Void.
Instant gratification is not as good as that gratification which comes dripping slow, over the sere seasons.
As Jules Renard said, no matter how much care an author takes to write as few books as possible, there will be people who haven’t heard of some of them.
I am never needlessly obscure—I am needfully obscure, when I am obscure.
Barthelme isn’t easy, and he frequently fails, but he’s written some of the best stories of the last twenty years.
We're all undesirable elements from somebody's point of view.
The domination of nature leads to the domination of human nature.
I'd sooner exchange ideas with the birds on earth than learn to carry on intergalactic communications with some obscure race of humanoids on a satellite planet from the world of Betelgeuse.
All living things on earth are kindred.
Love flowers best in openness and freedom.
Each thing in its way, when true to its own character, is equally beautiful.
A great thirst is a great joy when quenched in time.
Growth for the sake of growth is a cancerous madness.
To die alone, on rock under sun at the brink of the unknown, like a wolf, like a great bird, seems to me very good fortune indeed.
One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there ain't nothing can beat teamwork.
All we have, it seems to me, is the beauty of art and nature and life, and the love which that beauty inspires.
Knowing now what we have learned, unless the need were urgent, I could no more sink the blade of an ax into the tissues of a living tree than I could drive it into the flesh of a fellow human.
Sometimes a person has to go a very long distance out of his way to come back a short distance correctly.
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humour.
The gods too are fond of a joke.
You gotta have a swine to show you where the truffles are.
One must let the play happen to one; one must let the mind loose to respond as it will, to receive impressions, to sense rather than know, to gather rather than immediately understand.
I'm not suggesting that the play is without fault; all of my plays are imperfect, I'm rather happy to say — it leaves me something to do.
A play is fiction — and fiction is fact distilled into truth.
Your source material is the people you know, not those you don't know, [but] every character is an extension of the author's own personality.
What people really want in the theater is fantasy involvement and not reality involvement.
It is three and a half hours long, four characters wide and a cesspool deep.
Men substitute words for reality and then argue about the words.
It is the moral element contained in it that alone gives value and dignity to a religion, and only in so far as its teachings serve to stimulate and purify our moral aspirations does it deserve to retain its ascendency over mankind.
The Infinite, from which comes the impulse that lead us to activity, is not the highest Reason, but higher than reason; not the highest Goodness, but higher than goodness.
As the light of morning strikes now one peak and then another, some being illuminated while others are in the shadow, so the light of the essential moral principle shines now upon one duty and then upon another, while others are in the shadow.
In order to join vigorously in the moral work of the world I must believe that somehow the best I can accomplish will endure, will leave its trace on things, will aid the final consummation.
We should teach our children nothing which they shall ever need to unlearn; we should strive to transmit to them the best possessions, the truest thought, the noblest sentiments of the age in which we live.
We should seek to free the moral life from the embarrassments and entanglements in which it has been involved by the quibbles of the schools and the mutual antagonisms of the sects; to introduce into it an element of downrightness and practical earnestness; above all, to secure to the modern world, in its struggle with manifold evil, the boon of moral unity, despite intellectual diversity.
The Supreme Ethical Rule: Act So As To Elicit the Best In Others and Thereby In Thy Self.
Hunger hurts, but starving works, when it costs too much to love.
If you keep on killing, you could get me to settle and as soon as I settle, I bet I’ll be able to move on.
And then I went over to the concession stand to get some tea and I ran into Fiona Apple, and I was like, "Who do you think you are, Fiona Snapple?"
I consider biennial elections as a security that the sober, second thought of the people shall be law.
The gentleman puts me in mind of an old hen which persists in setting after her eggs are taken away.
The known propensity of a democracy is to licentiousness, which the ambitious call, and the ignorant believe to be, liberty.
It was said by Fisher Ames that “falsehood proceeds from Maine to Georgia, while truth is pulling on his boots”.
You can take all the sincerity in Hollywood, place it in the navel of a firefly and still have room for three caraway seeds and a producer's heart.
In the city a funeral is just an interruption of traffic; in the country it is a form of entertainment.
She was a soprano of the kind often used for augmenting grief at a funeral.
The music teacher came twice a week to bridge the awful gap between Dorothy and Chopin.
A Piker always has his entire Stock of Goods in the Show Window.
Moral: In uplifting, get underneath.
Moral: It all depends.
Moral: Don't try to Account for Anything.
The fears of one class of men are not the measure of the rights of another.
Avarice is the vice of declining years.
Institutions may crumble and governments fall, but it is only that they may renew a better youth, and mount upwards like the eagle.
Ennui is the desire of activity without the fit means of gratifying the desire.
By common consent grey hairs are a crown of glory; the only object of respect that can never excite envy.
The best government rests on the people and not on the few, on persons and not on property, on the free development of public opinion and not on authority.
Sedition is bred in the lap of luxury and its chosen emissaries are the beggared spendthrift and the impoverished libertine.
The exact measure of the progress of civilization is the degree in which the intelligence of the common mind has prevailed over wealth and brute force.
The prejudices of ignorance are more easily removed than the prejudices of interest; the first are blindly adopted; the second wilfully preferred.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
I'm trying to bring danger back in to rock 'n' roll and there are no limits and no laws and I break down every barrier put in front of me till the day I die.
GG Allin: See the thing that it is in rock 'n' roll there can be no limits or no laws 'cause when you start drawing laws and limits then you might as well not even call it rock 'n' roll anymore.
GG Allin: Depends on if I can get there quicker than she can.
GG Allin: I could have possibly been a serial killer or a mass murderer.
GG Allin: There's such a fierce intense fire burning inside of me, so much that it just wants to explode.
When you reach your peak its time to die.
I always felt I wasn't completely American and I wasn't completely British: there was a feeling of having my feet in both places.
Directing was a transformative experience for me, one that I really enjoyed.
Hello, you sick twisted freak.
I am a conservative, but I am not a zombie.
Political Correctness doesn't change us, it shuts us up.
Girl, you better check yourself before you wreck yourself!
The hottest year in global [sic] history was 1934.
When you choose the path, you choose the destination.
Sometimes the hardest part of the journey is believing you're worthy of the trip.
The most used phrase in my administration if I were to be President would be "What the hell you mean we're out of missiles?"
It's a real blessing for me to tell you, sir, that cavalry has arrived — Fox is here!
I say on the air all time, "if you take what I say as gospel, you're an idiot."
No Peace without Hope, No Hope without Liberty, No Liberty without Integrity, No Integrity without Virtue, No Virtue without Enlightenment, No Enlightenment without Truth.
Be who you really are, not who you allowed yourself to become.
We must go to God Boot Camp and straighten our own lives up so we can help people out in the rest of the world and guide them down the stairs and out of the building into safety.
If you go to Cass Sunstein, what net neutrality means is now if you go to FoxNews.com, you will have Arianna Huffington, a little box pop up with her showing that 'Bill O'Reilly is wrong on this' or 'here's an opposing view of Bill O'Reilly'
Glenn Beck has Nazi Tourette's.
Satan's mentally challenged younger brother.
Finally, a guy who says what people who aren't thinking are thinking.
You're the only boy who ever made me cry, and I decided that if you could make me cry, I must really love you.
I'll bet you say that to all the girls!
I think there's so much good in the worst of us, and so many of the worst of us get the best of us, that the rest of us aren't even worth talking about.
I was so surprised at being born that I didn't speak for a year and a half.
Never place a period where God has placed a comma.
Every politician must be able to keep both feet on the fence with his ear to the ground.
As a well-known great man would have said if he had thought of it, “Don’t go around offending people just because it can be done sitting down.”
A platform is something a candidate stands for and the voters fall for.
Goodnight, Gracie.
Gracie gets her laughs — we hope — because we often think the way Gracie talks, but we pride ourselves that we never talk the way Gracie thinks.
The price of freedom—of individuality—is attention to politics, careful planning, careful organization; philosophy is no more a barrier against political disaster than it is against plague.
Having one’s eyes opened doesn’t make one grateful.
This decade holds many changes for the United States, but the greatest needs regarding America's productivity in the 1990s, are better education and employee training.
Employees cannot become more productive in every sense of the word unless they are provided with continuous on-the-job training.
Companies have a responsibility to train and retrain their employees.
Consequently, American businesses must meet the challenge of poorly- educated people in today's workforce by strengthening employee training programs.
No organism can afford to be conscious of matters with which it could deal at unconscious levels.
Logic is a poor model of cause and effect.
Passion is inversely proportional to the amount of real information available.
Accident counts for much in companionship as in marriage.
Women have, commonly, a very positive moral sense; that which they will, is right; that which they reject, is wrong; and their will, in most cases, ends by settling the moral.
All experience is an arch, to build upon.
Only on the edge of the grave can man conclude anything.
Although the Senate is much given to admiring in its members a superiority less obvious or quite invisible to outsiders, one Senator seldom proclaims his own inferiority to another, and still more seldom likes to be told of it.
Friends are born, not made.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
The effect of power and publicity on all men is the aggravation of self, a sort of tumor that ends by killing the victim's sympathies.
Young men have a passion for regarding their elders as senile.
Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.
Intimates are predestined.
Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.
At best, the renewal of broken relations is a nervous matter.
Sumner's mind had reached the calm of water which receives and reflects images without absorbing them; it contained nothing but itself.
The difference is slight, to the influence of an author, whether he is read by five hundred readers, or by five hundred thousand; if he can select the five hundred, he reaches the five hundred thousand.
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.
What one knows is, in youth, of little moment; they know enough who know how to learn.
Morality is a private and costly luxury.
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts.
Power when wielded by abnormal energy is the most serious of facts.
Those who seek education in the paths of duty are always deceived by the illusion that power in the hands of friends is an advantage to them.
Modern politics is, at bottom, a struggle not of men but of forces.
We combat obstacles in order to get repose, and, when got, the repose is insupportable.
Simplicity is the most deceitful mistress that ever betrayed man.
No one means all he says, and yet very few say all they mean, for words are slippery and thought is viscous.
Even in America, the Indian Summer of life should be a little sunny and a little sad, like the season, and infinite in wealth and depth of tone— but never hustled.
Never esteem anything as of advantage to you that will make you break your word or lose your self-respect.
A speech is entertaining only when serenely detached from all information.
There has never been superadded to these vices of mine the withering, embalming vice of consistency.
The Angel of Death is the invisible Angel of Life.
Where is human nature so weak as in a book store?
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
It is not well for a man to pray, cream; and live skim milk.
Doctrine is nothing but the skin of truth set up and stuffed.
Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made and forgot to put a soul into.
The one great poem of New England is her Sunday.
When a nation’s young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung.
There are a great many doors open; but a door must be of a man's size or it is not meant for him.
The Bible is God's chart for you to steer by, to keep you from the bottom of the sea, and to show you where the harbor is, and how to reach it without running on rocks or bars.
If Christ is the wisdom of God and the power of God in the experience of those who trust and love Him, there needs no further argument of His divinity.
Difficulties are God's errands; and when we are sent upon them, we should esteem it a proof of God's confidence, — as a compliment from God.
Whoever lives a noble life for Christ and God — he is one of God's workmen, working on that building of which God is the supreme Architect.
It is not to come in any particular way, or with any particular experience, but to arise and come to your Father, and say unto Him, "Father I have sinned against heaven and before Thee, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son; make me as one of Thy hired servants."
And now we beseech of Thee that we may have every day some such sense of God's mercy and of the power of God about us, as we have of the fullness of the light of heaven before us.
May we grow more and more like God and heaven, more gracious, helpful, and sweet-minded; and when at last Thou hast served Thyself by us, may we fall asleep in Jesus, and find it no sleep, but everlasting waking in Jesus.
The whole of the Saviour's ministerial life, at least the part of it that stands on record, was passed in what we may call substantially a revival work.
Success is full of promise till men get it; and then it is last year's nest from which the bird has flown.
May we feel after Thee; still calling out in the darkness, as children waking in the night call " Father," so may we call out for God; and, at times, even if we do not hear Thy voice, may there be the form of a hand resting upon us, and that shall be enough; for we shall take hold of it, though it be in the dark, and it shall guide us to the growing light; for the day shall come, and the release and triumph.
Evil men of every degree will use you, flatter you, lead you on until you are useless; then, if the virtuous do not pity you, or God compassionate, you are without a friend in the universe.
The desire to economize time and mental effort in arithmetical computations, and to eliminate human liability to error is probably as old as the science of arithmetic itself.
I thought I already was.
Outside intelligences, exploring the Solar System with true impartiality, would be quite likely to enter the Sun in their records thus: Star X, spectral class G0, 4 planets plus debris.
There is no belief, however foolish, that will not gather its faithful adherents who will defend it to the death.
Science fiction writers foresee the inevitable, and although problems and catastrophes may be inevitable, solutions are not.
Individual science fiction stories may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today — but the core of science fiction, its essence, the concept around which it revolves, has become crucial to our salvation if we are to be saved at all.
[Creationists] make it sound as though a "theory" is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night.
Happiness is doing it rotten your own way.
Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
A robot may not injure a human being, or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.
A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.
A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Laws.
A robot may not injure humanity, or, through inaction, allow humanity to come to harm.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
A fire eater must eat fire even if he has to kindle it himself.
An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain
Global warming science is uneven and evolving.
You can be in the public eye all the time and still have a private life, but the important thing is to keep in touch with the people who put you there.
I would wish that people would accept people for who they are, not be judgemental, allow people to live their lives and enjoy themselves and that would be my wish for people.
A person is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
The nightsea journey may be absurd, but here we swim, will-we nill-we, against the flood, onward and upward, toward a shore that may not exist and couldn't be reached if it did.
The cardinal method with faults is to overgrow them and choke them out with virtues.
The only way to hasten the kingdom is to hasten growth; to hasten work, and that, too, along the very lines in which the "resounding loom of time" is weaving in its various-colored threads.
The first hundred thousand—that was hard to get; but afterwards it was easy to make more.
Every time we get slapped down, we can say, Thank you Mother Nature, because it means we're about to learn something important.
Dartmouth is the place I’ve devoted my life to, so it’s very sad to see this kind of decline in the intellectual strength of the institution.
Adding radio-frequency identification and other sensors to everyday objects will create an Internet of Things, and lay the foundations of a new age of machine perception.
I was in high school (oh, I told you — that was kind of where they put you when they didn't know what to do with you — when you were too big for the Kiddie Kokoons and too young to go out an' hafta assume what we used to call Manhood, which involved going at the same time every day to some weird building and doing some totally useless shit for hours on end just so you could get some bread and have everybody respect you).
The top rockers have a mythic aura about them, the "superstar," and that's a basically unhealthy state of things, in fact it's the very virus that's fucking up rock, a subspecies of the virus I spoke of earlier that infests our culture from popstars to politics.
A hero is a goddam stupid thing to have in the first place and a general block to anything you might wanta accomplish on your own.
Realizing that life is precious the natural tendency is to trample on it, like laughing at a funeral.
I'm not saying that all college students are subhuman — I'm just saying that if you aim to spend a few years mastering the art of pomposity, these are places where you can be taught by undisputed experts.
The politics of rock 'n' roll, in England or America or anywhere else, is that a whole lot of kids want to be fried out of their skins by the most scalding propulsion they can find, for a night they can pretend is the rest of their lives, and whether the next day they go back to work in shops or boredom on the dole or American TV doldrums in Mom 'n' Daddy's living room nothing can cancel the reality of that night in the revivifying flames when for once if only then in your life you were blasted out of yourself and the monotony which defines most life anywhere at any time, when you supped on lightning and nothing else in the realms of the living or dead mattered at all.
A Reasonable Guide to Horrible Noise
All the proliferating falsifications of what I and everyone I know experienced once in what it is now so convenient to call the "fifties" or "sixties," as if life was really measured or lived in arbitrary decades, when the history books are sold like comix.
Now we can cross the Shifting Sands.
It is a callous age; we have seen so many marvels that we are ashamed to marvel more; the seven wonders of the world have become seven thousand wonders.
The absurd and legendary devil is the enigma of the Church.
An eastern contemporary, with a grain of wisdom in its wit, says that "when the whites win a fight, it is a victory, and when the Indians win it, it is a massacre."
His father thought he had a wond'rous wise look when he was born, and so he named him Solomon, thinking that if indeed he turned out to be wise the name would fit him nicely, whereas, should he be mistaken, and the boy grow up stupid, his name could be easily changed to Simon.
"But girls often marry when they are too young," exclaimed Mary-Marie quickly; "so, if you don't object to my age — "
Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal.
Modern education includes morality; therefore the modern child seeks only entertainment in its wonder-tales and gladly dispenses with all disagreeable incident.
I never deal in transformations, for they are not honest, and no respectable sorceress likes to make things appear to be what they are not.
Electricity was a part of the world from its creation, and therefore my Electra is as old as Daylight or Moonlight, and equally beneficent to mortals and fairies alike.
To destroy an offender cannot benefit society so much as to redeem him.
One day, maybe she'd stick around to explore her own capacity for the dark, but at the moment all she wanted was a cheeseburger.
“Neither refuse to give help when it is needed,” Medwyn continued, “nor refuse to accept it when it is offered.”
“This is a place of peace,” Medwyn said, “and therefore not suitable for men, at least, not yet.”
Once you have courage to look upon evil, seeing it for what it is and naming it by its true name, it is powerless against you, and you can destroy it.
Even in a fantasy realm, growing up is accomplished not without cost.
"A pig is a pig," said the stranger, "and a pig-boy is a pig-boy."
We hold each other’s lives in our open hands, not in clenched fists.
There is truth in all things, if you understand them well.
The destinies of men are woven one with the other, and you can turn aside from them no more than you can turn aside from your own.
In the race of men is much greed and envy; but of truth, little.
If I fret over tomorrow, I'll have little joy today.
If life is a loom, the pattern you weave is not so easily unraveled.
This much have I learned: A man’s life weighs more than glory, and a price paid in blood is a heavy reckoning.
A crown is a pitiless master, harsher than the staff of a pig-keeper; while a staff bears up, a crown weighs down, beyond the strength of any man to wear it lightly.
Are these signs of hope, or do we deceive ourselves by wishing them to be?
Evil cannot be conquered by wishing.
You see much more of your children once they leave home.
The survival of artistic modes in which we recognize ourselves, identify ourselves and place ourselves will survive as long as humanity survives.
This compositional variety is mediated by a highly redundant set structure, a second-order all-combinatorial set; each set form is hexachordally equivalent to or totally disjunct from fifteen other set forms, so that one-third of all the available set forms belong to a collection of sets which are hexachordally aggregate forming, that is, hexachordally identical.
I'm 83, and I feel like a 20-year-old, but unfortunately there's never one around.
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
I am comfortable with my level of public discourse.
There can be no great accomplishment without risk.
You can taste a word.
We live with our archetypes, but can we live in them?
I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
The plan of "counting the chickens before they are hatched" is an error of ancient date, but it does not seem to improve by age.
Politeness and civility are the best capital ever invested in business.
The best kind of charity is to help those who are willing to help themselves.
In fact, as a general thing, money-getters are the benefactors of our race.
The desire for wealth is nearly universal, and none can say it is not laudable, provided the possessor of it accepts its responsibilities, and uses it as a friend to humanity.
The continuum in which we live is not the kind of place in which middles can be unambiguously excluded.
At fifteen one is first beginning to realize that everything isn’t money and power in this world, and is casting about for joys that do not turn to dross in one’s hands.
There are two classes of travel — first class, and with children.
The only cure for a real hangover is death.
Anyone will be glad to admit that he knows nothing about beagling, or the Chinese stock market, or ballistics, but there is not a man or woman alive who does not claim to know how to cure hiccoughs.
Why don't you get out of that wet coat and into a dry martini?
A great many people have come up to me and asked how I manage to get so much work done and still keep looking so dissipated.
The free-lance writer is a man who is paid per piece or per word or perhaps.
It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
So who's in a hurry?
Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin with, that it's compounding a felony.
I do most of my work sitting down; that's where I shine.
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing at the moment.
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.
However painful the process of leaving home, for parents and for children, the really frightening thing for both would be the prospect of the child never leaving home.
Leaving home in a sense involves a kind of second birth in which we give birth to ourselves.
While there are practical and sometimes moral reasons for the decomposition of the family, it coincides neither with what most people in society say they desire nor, especially in the case of children, with their best interests.
I don't believe there is any finer mission on earth than just to make people laugh.
A solved problem creates two new problems, and the best prescription for happy living is not to solve any more problems than you have to.
In America, it is sport that is the opiate of the masses.
People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people have been left out of the pleasure.
It seems to be a law of American life that whatever enriches us anywhere except in the wallet inevitably becomes uneconomic.
Usually, terrible things that are done with the excuse that progress requires them are not really progress at all, but just terrible things.
A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for not going to church on Sunday.
In America nothing dies easier than tradition.
Watergate left Washington a city ravaged by honesty.
Of all the people insistently expressing their mental vacuity, none has a better excuse for an empty head than the newspaperman: If he pauses to restock his brain, he invites onrushing headlines to trample him flat.
The old notion that brevity is the essence of wit has succumbed to the modern idea that tedium is the essence of quality.
Life seemed to be an educator's practical joke in which you spent the first half learning and the second half learning that everything you learned in the first half was wrong.
Always Postpone Meetings with Time-wasting Morons
People are so conditioned to take sides that a balanced analysis looks to them like hatred.
The world isn't fair, but as long as it's tilting in my direction I find that there's a natural cap to my righteous indignation.
As you know, the best way to solve a problem is to identify the core belief that causes the problem; then mock that belief until the people who hold it insist that you heard them wrong.
If there is one thing that our role models in this election have taught us, it's that omitting important information is completely different from lying.
Just because no one has ever gotten better from Spasmodic Dysphonia before doesn't mean I can't be the first.
There’s nothing more humbling than seeing your best quotes in a list, and thinking they could have been written by a coma patient with a keyboard and spasms.
Life is half delicious yogurt, half crap, and your job is to keep the plastic spoon in the yogurt.
We know the goats are imported because they don’t speak English.
If you think it’s easy to write jokes about fried calamari, you’ve probably never tried.
If you have questions about this salad, give your server the spinach inquisition.
Named after the great romaine emperor, Julius Salad.
We smoke the bacon so you don’t have to.
This sandwich used to include endive, but no one wanted to eat a BELT.
If our mushrooms make you hallucinate, please inform us immediately so we can overcharge you.
We use only the finest days of the week in this dish.
This dish might not turn you into a syndicated cartoonist, but whatever you’re doing now probably isn’t working either.
If you don’t believe your salmon is wild, ask it to fetch your newspaper and see what happens.
Our scallops are so delicious your mouth will thank you, which is creepy because your mouth can actually talk.
So, I heard the Fed increased the money supply, but I checked my bank balance and it's the same as before.
Most people still steal music.
I think it would be absolutely reckless and irresponsible for anyone to try and break up Microsoft.
I've got my kids brainwashed: You don't use Google, and you don't use an iPod.
I don't really know that anybody's proven that a random collection of people doing their own thing actually creates value.
Developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers.
Many Abolitionists have yet to learn the ABC of woman's rights.
Woman must not depend upon the protection of man, but must be taught to protect herself.
One-half of the people of this nation to-day are utterly powerless to blot from the statute books an unjust law, or to write there a new and a just one.
I want you to understand that I never could have done the work I have if I had not had this woman at my right hand.
Failure is impossible.
The only chance women have for justice in this country is to violate the law, as I have done, and as I shall continue to do.
Even, under such circumstances, a commoner of England, tried before a jury of Lords, would have far less cause to complain than should I, a woman, tried before a jury of men.
Variant: Resistance to tyranny is obedience to God; I shall never pay a penny of this unjust claim.
Resistance to tyranny is obedience to God.
Good Americans, when they die, go to Paris.
I've been down so long that coming up is giving me the bends.
I'm sipping on an oxygen cocktail with an ambulance chaser.
I'm a raging success as a failure.
A thousand eyes are gazing down like bullet holes shot into the roof, as I lie here scratching for a grain of truth.
Every word I never spoke dies like a spark smothered in smoke pulled from the glow of a shitty cigarette.
You can give your confession tomorrow, if you find a priest dumb enough to believe, because it only hurts when I breathe.
That is some funky-fresh, pop lockin' shit.
I love my Saab.
I got a Saab Convertible.
And my Saab is so great I'm gonna marry it.
You could taste heaven perfectly.
An angel's face is tricky to wear constantly.
Got enough guilt to start my own religion.
I found the secret to life; I'm okay when everything is not okay
So you can make me cum; that doesn't make you Jesus.
I think there are pieces of me you've never seen.
If you know me so well, then tell me which hand I use.
A man bites into a dry peach and says "This peach is not good;" the peach replies "It is not my fault that you don't know the proper use for a dry peach."
Give me life, give me pain, give me myself again.
Nothing's gonna stop me from floating.
I have got my rape hat on, honey, but I always could accessorize.
You thought that you were the bomb, yes well so did I.
Just having thoughts of Marianne, quickest girl in the frying pan.
Say a word to the hangman for me, me and my baby.
Is it sweet, your sting?
And I fear my fear is greater than my faith
Driving in my Saab, on my way to Ireland.
To be a Naturalist is better than to be a King.
The beauty and genius of a work of art may be reconceived, though its first material expression be destroyed; a vanished harmony may yet again inspire the composer; but when the last individual of a race of living beings breathes no more, another heaven and another earth must pass before such a one can be again.
The isness of things is well worth studying; but it is their whyness that makes life worth living.
To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
I'm not saying I didn't enjoy myself, but I didn't.
How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter?
I don't believe in an afterlife, although I am bringing a change of underwear.
As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree"— probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
We always do what’s natural, only sometimes we shouldn’t do it.
The man who gives his own decisions priority over society is a criminal.
Millions for defense, but not one cent for survival.
We serve Him most who take the most of His exhaustless love.
There is no real teacher who in practise does not believe in the existence of the soul, or in a magic that acts on it through speech.
Education in our times must try to find whatever there is in students that might yearn for completion, and to reconstruct the learning that would enable them autonomously to seek that completion.
The history of liberal thought since Locke and Smith has been one almost unbroken decline in philosophic substance.
When the liberal, or what came to be called the utilitarian, teaching became dominant, as is the case with most victorious causes, good arguments became less necessary; the original good arguments, which were difficult, were replaced by plausible simplifications- or by nothing.
It is one of the paradoxes of American literature that our writers are forever looking back with love and nostalgia at lives they couldn’t wait to leave.
An aphorism is a generalization of sorts, and our present-day writers seem more at home with the particular.
The contents of someone's bookcase are part of his history, like an ancestral portrait.
As a mother, I know that homosexuals cannot biologically reproduce children; therefore, they must recruit our children.
If homosexuality was the normal way, God would have made Adam and Bruce.
Well, at least it was a fruit pie.
Membership in the bar is a privilege burdened with conditions.
Inaction without more is not tantamount to choice.
Not honesty alone, but the punctilio of an honor the most sensitive, is then the standard of behavior.
Expediency may tip the scales when arguments are nicely balanced.
Prophecy, however honest, is generally a poor substitute for experience.
Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.
With traps and obstacles and hazards confronting us on every hand, only blindness or indifference will fail to turn in all humility, for guidance or for warning, to the study of examples.
Method is much, technique is much, but inspiration is even more.
If you ask how he is to know when one interest outweighs another, I can only answer that he must get his knowledge just as the legislator gets it, from experience and study and reflection; in brief, from life itself.
The judicial process, as was said at the outset of these lectures, is a process of search and comparison, and little else.
The great tides and currents which engulf the rest of men do not turn aside in their course and pass the judges by.
In our worship of certainty we must distinguish between the sound certainty and the sham, between what is gold and what is tinsel; and then, when certainty is attained, we must remember that it is not the only good; that we can buy it at too high a price; that there is danger in perpetual quiescence as well as in perpetual motion; and that a compromise must be found in a principle of growth.
Code is followed by commentary, and commentary by revision, and thus the task is never done.
They do things better with logarithms.
For forty years or so this was the world headquarters of conspicuous consumption.
It is a slightly arresting notion that if you were to pick yourself apart with tweezers, one atom at a time, you would produce a mound of fine atomic dust, none of which had ever been alive but all of which had once been you.
In France, a chemist named Pilatre de Rozier tested the flammability of hydrogen by gulping a mouthful and blowing across an open flame, proving at a stroke that hydrogen is indeed explosively combustible and that eyebrows are not necessarily a permanent feature of one's face.
The makers of sneakers also thoughtfully pocked the soles with numberless crevices, craters, chevrons, mazes, crop circles, and other rubbery hieroglyphs, so that when you stepped in a moist pile of dog shit, as you most assuredly did within three bounds of leaving the house, they provided additional absorbing hours of pastime while you cleaned them out with a stick, gagging quietly but oddly content.
I have always wanted to know why, wherever archaeologists dig, do they always find red and white poles?
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it.
It should be up to each bar owner and patron to decide if they want to smoke or not.
Kala was the youngest mate of a male called Tublat, meaning broken nose, and the child she had seen dashed to death was her first; for she was but nine or ten years old.
Tarzan of the Apes lived on in his wild, jungle existence with little change for several years, only that he grew stronger and wiser, and learned from his books more and more of the strange worlds which lay somewhere outside his primeval forest.
Tarzan must act quickly or his prey would be gone; but Tarzan's life training left so little space between decision and action when an emergency confronted him that there was not even room for the shadow of a thought between.
Tarzan of the Apes knew that they had found the body of his victim, but that interested him far less than the fact that no one remained in the village to prevent his taking a supply of the arrows which lay below him.
Had Kala lived, Tarzan would have sacrificed all else to remain near her, but now that she was dead, and the playful friends of his childhood grown into fierce and surly brutes he felt that he much preferred the peace and solitude of his cabin to the irksome duties of leadership amongst a horde of wild beasts.
The engineering of consent is the very essence of the democratic process, the freedom to persuade and suggest.
It is sometimes possible to change the attitudes of millions but impossible to change the attitude of one man.
For the same reason I read the National Geographic, I like to see places I will never visit.
The best place to find things: the public library.
The best defense against propaganda: more propaganda.
Propaganda is the executive arm of the invisible government.
A single factory, potentially capable of supplying a whole continent with its particular product, cannot afford to wait until the public asks for its product; it must maintain constant touch, through advertising and propaganda, with the vast public in order to assure itself the continuous demand which alone will make its costly plant profitable.
If we understand the mechanism and motives of the group mind, it is now possible to control and regiment the masses according to our will without them knowing it.
God shapes the world by prayer.
I know a good many people, I think, who are bigots, and who know they are bigots, and are sorry for it, but they dare not be anything else.
Christ illustrates the purport of life as He descends from His transfiguration to toil, and goes forward to exchange that robe of heavenly brightness for the crown of thorns.
There is no happiness in life, there is no misery like that growing out of the dispositions which consecrate or desecrate a home.
An aged Christian with the snow of time on his head may remind us that those points of earth are whitest that are nearest heaven.
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seamed with scars; martyrs have put on their coronation robes glittering with fire; and through their tears have the sorrowful first seen the gate of heaven.
Under the shadow of earthly disappointment, all unconscious to ourselves, our Divine Redeemer is walking by our side.
The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.
Each person designs his own life, freedom gives him the power to carry out his own designs, and power gives the freedom to interfere with the designs of others.
No man is a hero to his wife's psychiatrist.
And this, my lovely child, is your garden.
A superior pilot uses his superior judgment to avoid situations which require the use of his superior skill.
Capitalism without bankruptcy is like Christianity without hell.
I didn't lie; nobody calls me a liar, I may have increased my age.
I feel honored.
An old sergeant said, if you want to get to France in a hurry, then join the ambulance service, the French are big for ambulance service.
I think General Pershing was the most military figure I’ve ever seen.
I gave the general a snappy salute.
I was gung-ho, no question about that.
Why should I read something someone made up when real events are so interesting?
Longevity has never bothered me at all, I have studied longevity for years.
If your country needs you, you should be right there, that is the way I felt when I was young, and that's the way I feel today.
I don't know anyone my age.
When you start to die, don’t.
The behavior of an individual is determined not by his racial affiliation, but by the character of his ancestry and his cultural environment.
No one has ever proved that a human being, through his descent from a certain group of people, must of necessity have certain mental characteristics.
The bearing of a child takes nine months, no matter how many women are assigned.
A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects, those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.
There is nothing that sharpens a man's senses so acutely as to know that bitter and determined enemies are in pursuit of him night and day.
Under the administration of Rhodes, there were the fewest laws, the widest freedom, the least crime, and the turest justice, that I have ever seen in any part of the world.
As far as we can look back into history, the downfall of any nation can be traced from the moment that nation became timid about spending its best blood.
I am more afraid of an army of a hundred sheep led by a lion than an army of a hundred lions led by a sheep.
Work is God's ordinance as truly as prayer.
We need a spirit of adoption to take us out of the foundling hospital of the world, and to put us into the celestial family.
Too bad that all the people who know how to run the country are busy driving taxicabs and cutting hair.
If I paid $3 or $4 for a cigar, first I'd sleep with it.
Happiness is having a loving, close knit family in another city.
Hansel and Gretel discovered the ginger bread house about 45 minutes after they discovered the mushrooms.
"Fussy eater" is a euphemism for "big pain in the ass".
Here's some bumper stickers I'd like to see:
One great thing about getting old is that you can get out of all sorts of social obligations just by saying you're tired.
I love and treasure individuals as I meet them, I loathe and despise the groups they identify with and belong to.
Isn't it nice that people who prefer Los Angeles to San Francisco live there?
You sittin' here chained to your rockin' chair.
Christ wants to lead men by their love, their personal love to Him, and the confidence of His personal love to them.
Jesus is the true manifestation of God, and He is manifested to be the regenerating power of a divine life.
Jesus does not drive His followers on before, as a herd of unwilling disciples, but goes before Himself, leading them into paths that He has trod, and dangers He has met, and sacrifices He has borne Himself, calling them after Him and to be only followers.
Christ is known only by them that receive Him into their love, their faith, their deep want; known only as He is enshrined within, felt as a Divine force, breathed in the inspirations of the secret life.
God listens for nothing so tenderly, as when His children help each other by their testimonies to His goodness and the way in which He has brought them deliverance.
Live as with God; and, whatever be your calling, pray for the gift that will perfectly qualify you in it.
Christianity is not so much the advent of a better doctrine as of a perfect character.
Christianity is no mere scheme of doctrine or of ethical practice, but is instead a kind of miracle, a power out of nature and above, descending into it; a historically supernatural movement on the world, that is visibly entered into it, and organized to be an institution in the person of Jesus Christ.
Persecution has not crushed it, power has not beaten it back, time has not abated its force, and, what is most wonderful of all, the abuses and treasons of its friends have not shaken its stability.
O, if we could tear aside the vail, and see for but one hour what it signifies to be a soul in the power of an endless life, what a revelation would it be!
Faith is the act of trust by which one being, a sinner, commits himself to another being, a Saviour.
We shall never recover the true apostolic energy, and be endued with power from on high, as the first disciples were, 'till we recover the lost faith.
However dark our lot may be, there is light enough on the other side of the cloud, in that pure empyrean where God dwells, to irradiate every darkness of this world; light enough to clear every difficult question, remove every ground of obscurity, conquer every atheistic suspicion, silence every hard judgment, light enough to satisfy, nay, to ravish the mind forever.
We are to work after no set fashion of high endeavor; but to walk with Jesus, performing, as it were, a ministry on foot, that we may stop at the humblest matter, and prove our fidelity there.
As long as we abide in Christ, our action is from Him, not from our own corrupt and broken nature.
All you owe the public is a good performance.
A hot dog at the ball park is better than steak at the Ritz.
Never do today what can be put off until tomorrow
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
Never Again the Burning
Christians have oppressed Jews, Moslems, Buddhists, Pagans, and each other throughout their centuries of power, preaching religious intolerance as the word of Jehovah whenever they had the military, political, or economic power to make it stick — and then piously preaching brotherhood, peace, and toleration when they didn't.
When I finally got tired of arguing with her and decided to write a novel as if I was some kind of formulaic, genre writing drone, just to prove to her how awful it would be, I wrote the first book of the Dresden Files.
Sometimes I hate having a conscience, and a stupidly thorough sense of honor.
yes, Your honor, your victim was killed by a werewolf.
It's a place with a history, the neighbors are quiet, and my rent is cheap—though less so than it was before the demon thrashed my place.
Don't mess with a wizard when he's wizarding!
I still can’t believe, that you came to the Vampires’ Masquerade Ball dressed as a vampire.
I wouldn't burden any decent system of faith by participating in it.
The building was on fire, and it wasn't my fault.
I'm pretty sure there's no Nobel prize for pornography.
[insert something here],Thus kablowie, thus death.
Polka will never die!
"Everyone else who lets me ride on their dinosaur calls me Carlos."
Blood leaves no stain on a Warden's cloak.
Many things are not as they seem: The worst things in life never are.
Keep in mind that this appears in the same book of the Bible that approves the death sentence for a child who curses his parents, owners of oxen who injure someone through the owner's negligence, anybody who works or kindles a fire on Sunday, and anyone who has sex with an animal.
In my judgment, my buildings are less likely to burn to the ground during one of your visits if you are disoriented from being treated like a sultan.
You rush a miracle worker, you get lousy miracles!
Even a broken clock gets it right occasionally.
This is Waldo Butters, and his geek penis is longer and harder than all of ours put together.
Hers was a beauty so pure that it was nearly painful to behold--Athena heading out on a Friday night.
The freaking Council never does anything quickly, and I had a bad feeling that tempus was fugiting furiously.
As a whole, people suck, but a person can be extraordinary.
There is, I think, humor here which does not translate well from English into sanity."
The next time you interfere with me, more than smoke will interfere with you.
If you aren’t in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret.
There are two thoughts that will ensure success in all you do; (1) Don't tell everything you know, and (2) until Ace Ventura, no actor had considered talking through his ass.
The decision of whether or not the country should go to war is slightly above your pay grade.
After nine months of doing this, there is no exploratory committee - I'm running [for President in 2008].
Yes.
My memory is not as good as Justice Roberts, Chief Justice Roberts
If we do everything right, if we do it with absolute certainty, there’s still a 30 percent chance we’re going to get it wrong.
[My favorite was] this new program that I looked at, I wish I had seen it in 3D, and you sit there and you watch this science fiction thing unfold in front of you.
The fabric of our complex society is woven too tightly to permit any part of it to be damaged without damaging the whole.
I didn't argue that the war in Vietnam was immoral; it was merely stupid and a horrendous waste of time, money, and lives based on a flawed premise.
When seagull droppings landed on my head at a campaign event at Bowers Beach two days before Election Day, I chose to read it as a sign of a coming success.
I kept trying to tell people that just because I was young didn't mean I could speak for all young people.
There is a great deal of pressure, in the one particular area at least, to prostitute our ideas, if not our integrity.
Sleep was like a phantom I was too tired to chase.
A convicted felon who had strong family ties, a stake in the community, and an education might get probation, while a man who had few family ties, little stake in the community, and little education might draw a ten-year sentence for the same crime.
It required a lot less energy, intelligence, and competence to run against government than to try to make government work.
Just because our political heroes were murdered does not mean that the dream does not still live, buried deep in our broken hearts.
No matter how well intended our country is, we cannot expect other nations to trust us as much as we trust ourselves.
I, too, believe there are natural rights that predate any written political or legal documents; we have these rights merely because we're children of God.
My own father had always said the measure of a man wasn't how many times or how hard he got knocked down, but how fast he got back up.
I think you're a damn war criminal and you should be tried as one.
I learned later that the surgeon who put Dole back together after he was so badly injured in World War II was an Armenian whose family had deep memories of the genocidal campaign the Turks had waged against them.
The carnage was over, but there was still a bitter taste in my mouth.
I am fully persuaded that I am worth inconceivably more to hang than any other purpose.
This is a beautiful country.
This question will be settled.
While I cannot approve of all your acts, I stand in awe of your position since your capture, and dare not oppose you lest I be found fighting against God; for you speak as one having authority, and seem to be strengthened from on high.
I looked at the traitor and terrorizer with unlimited, undeniable contempt.
One of the greatest heroes known to American fame.
That this nation might have a new birth of freedom, that slavery should be removed forever from American soil, John Brown and his 21 men gave their lives.
Ones faith in anything is terribly shaken by anybody who is ready to go to the gallows condemning and denouncing it.
This morning, Captain Brown was hung. He is not Old Brown any longer; he is an angel of light
A man of clear mind.
I have nothing to say/ and I am saying it/ and that is poetry/ as I need it.
A finished work is exactly that, requires resurrection.
"Art's purpose is to sober and quiet the mind so that it is in accord with what happens."
Value judgments are destructive to our proper business, which is curiosity and awareness.
As far as consistency of thought goes, I prefer inconsistency.
Because of the nature of Moore's law, anything that an extremely clever graphics programmer can do at one point can be replicated by a merely competent programmer some number of years later.
The Xbox 360 is the first console that I've ever worked with that actually has development tools that are better for games than what we've had on PC.
The situation is so much better for programmers today - a cheap used PC, a linux CD, and an internet account, and you have all the tools necessary to work your way to any level of programming skill you want to shoot for.
Note to self: Pasty-skinned programmers ought not stand in the Mojave desert for multiple hours.
The speed of light sucks.
It's nice to have a game that sells a million copies.
It's done, when it's done.
[A]t its best, entertainment is going to be a subjective thing that can't win for everyone, while at worst, a particular game just becomes a random symbol for petty tribal behavior.
This is a bit more expensive than my previous turbo-Ferrari habit, but not too bad.
The idea that I can be presented with a problem, set out to logically solve it with the tools at hand, and wind up with a program that could not be legally used because someone else followed the same logical steps some years ago and filed for a patent on it is horrifying.
"Personally, I’ve always been of the sleek and minimalist design school: make sure the core play is consistent and strong, then let that idea play out against different environments and challenges, this tends toward focusing on bio-mechanical twitch responses, audio-visual awe, and leaning more toward general strategy and tactics development over specific puzzle solving."
Good government is the outcome of private virtue.
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash.
I have tried drugs and a little of everything else, and there is nothing in the world more soul-satisfying than having the kingdom of God building inside you and growing.
I love the freedoms we got in this country, I appreciate your freedom to burn your flag if you want to, but I really appreciate my right to bear arms so I can shoot you if you try to burn mine.
There are two kinds of people, there's those who like Johnny Cash, and those that will.
Every man knows that he is a sissy compared to Johnny Cash.
His face should be on Mount Rushmore as far as I'm concerned
"Territory we do not want; having, it is probable, already more than we well know how to manage. Instead therefore of countenancing that vagrant and unsettled way of life which has become habitual to so many of our people; and that very general passion they have to be for ever running back in quest of fresh lands; a practice not more unpropitious to all agricultural improvements, than likely to keep us involved in Indian wars; let us enlarge our empire by the civilization of the Indians; who already have a better title to any of our un-located lands, than we can possibly give any new comers"
There is no gender identity behind the expressions of gender; that identity is performatively constituted by the very "expressions" that are said to be its results.
Gender is a kind of imitation for which there is no original; in fact, it is a kind of imitation that produces the very notion of the original as an effect and consequence of the imitation itself.
But if you aren't any religion, how are you going to know if you should join the Y or the Jewish Community Center?
I mean, girlfriends are trouble at this age.
"German? I don't know what it means, we don't say that in America"
Who the fuck's Justin Bieber?
"Theories without facts may be barren, but facts without theories are meaningless."
"The right to have children should be a marketable commodity, bought and traded by individuals but absolutely limited by the state."
I've been quoted in the past and I will continue to be quoted; I think he's the best player in our league right now.
Only God can stop Kobe Bryant.
Life is a four-letter word
In the Halls of Justice, the only justice is in the halls
If I get busted in New York, the freest city in the world, that will be the end of my career
Lenny Bruce's legacy is freedom of speech and telling it as it is, getting your life and putting it out on the table, telling everyone about it.
Just don't forget your history, dirty Lenny died so we could all be free
That's great, it starts with an earthquake, birds and snakes, an aeroplane - Lenny Bruce is not afraid.
Mother Goose is on the loose, stealing lines from Lenny Bruce.
I want to be Lenny Bruce.
For Halloween, I want to be Lenny Bruce, I want them to hate me, so you can love me on the sly.
A good basic selling idea, involvement and relevancy, of course, are as important as ever, but in the advertising din of today, unless you make yourself noticed and believed, you ain't got nothin.'
When you reach for the stars, you may not get one, but you won't get a handful of mud either.
I have learned that any fool can write a bad ad, but that it takes a real genius to keep his hands off a good one.
Friction makes sparks and sparks start creative conflagrations.
A liberal is a man or a woman or a child who looks forward to a better day, a more tranquil night, and a bright, infinite future.
The trouble with you and me, Ned, is that we want everyone in the world to personally love us, and of course that's impossible; you just don't meet everyone in the world.
Bernstein has been disclosing musical secrets that have been well known for over 400 years.
Today, he uses music as an accompaniment to his conducting.
It's a bizarre but wonderful feeling, to arrive dead center of a target you didn't even know you were aiming for.
Women do desperately need models for power other than the maternal.
Those who do not know their history are doomed to keep stepping in it.
Home is where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
It is always easier to get forgiveness than permission.
One of the best things about writing is how it redeems, not to mention recycles, all of one's prior experiences, including — or perhaps especially — the failures.
I have a catchphrase to describe my plot-generation technique — "What's the worst possible thing I can do to these people?"
I am increasingly convinced that technological culture is the entire root of women's liberation.
Parallels, spirals, and reflections are some of my favorite literary patterns.
I have no idea why some of my books draw awards and others don't, except that the ones I spent the least time worrying about other people's response to — that I wrote for myself — seem to do the best of all.
I've always tried to write the kind of book I most loved to read: character-centered adventure.
The gods' most savage curses come upon us as answers to our own prayers, you know.
The confusion of mind you dub honor is a disease.
I for one find a casual destruction of a man's life even more repugnant than a determined one.
Only the saints would joke so about the gods, because it was either joke or scream, and they alone knew it was all the same to the gods.
Ignorance is not stupidity, but it might as well be.
Second sight is redundant to reason anyway.
Surely only correct understanding could lead to correct action.
And you could just watch men begin to see what he told them they were seeing, whether it was there or not.
The entire center of her life was a blackened waste, its long years not to be recovered nor replaced.
The gods give no gifts without hooks embedded.
"I would be considerably more impressed with your god, dy Cabon," said Ista through her teeth, "if He could have arranged one life's worth of simple protection in advance, rather than three hundred lives' worth of gaudy vengeance afterward."
You are a most excellent lawyer, for a dead man.
One scarcely knows if he would be of more use to us as a hostage, or set loose to be a very bad enemy leader.
Read, or you will be missing something extraordinary.
It is the duty of the humor of any given nation in time of high crisis to attack the catastrophe that faces it in such a manner as to cause the people to laugh at it in such a way that they cannot die before they are killed.
When a man feels that he cannot leave his work, it is a sure sign of an impending collapse.
It is, as a rule, far more important how men pursue their occupation than what the occupation is which they select.
[N]o law, written or unwritten, can be understood without a full knowledge of the facts out of which it arises, and to which it is to be applied.
[T]hat which is man-made can be unmade.
We may have democracy, or we may have wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we can't have both.
The general rule of law is, that the noblest of human productions -- knowledge, truths ascertained, conceptions, and ideas -- become, after voluntary communication to others, free as the air to common use.
If we would guide by the light of reason, we must let our minds be bold.
The prevalence of the corporation in America has led men of this generation to act, at times, as if the privilege of doing business in corporate form were inherent in the citizen; and has led them to accept the evils attendant upon the free and unrestricted use of the corporate mechanism as if these evils were the inescapable price of civilized life, and, hence to be borne with resignation.
[O]nly through participation by the many in the responsibilities and determinations of business can Americans secure the moral and intellectual development which is essential to the maintenance of liberty.
Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.
The most important political office is that of the private citizen.
True human progress is based less on the inventive mind than on the conscience of men such as Brandeis.
In a time of moral and intellectual anarchy, he handed on the great tradition of faith in the mind and spirit of man.
To Brandeis, as to Jefferson, the key to a successful democracy lies in the spirit, the vitality, the daring, the inventiveness of its citizens.
Every case that fell to him for opinion gave fresh occasion for the application of his principle that knowledge must precede understanding, and understanding should precede judging.
I have a gift for enraging people, but if I ever bore you it will be with a knife.
Excuse me, is this England?
Today, you're a piranha if you are seen having coffee with somebody from the other party in many cases.
Childhood, at its best, is a perpetual adventure, in the truest sense of that overtaxed word: a setting forth into trackless lands that might have come to existence the instant before you first laid eyes on them.
As for comics, one has only to turn to the characteristic output of Marvel Comics, for the period from about 1961 to about 1975, to find not an expression of base and cynical impulses but of good, old-fashioned liberal humanism of a kind that may strike us today, God help us, as quaint, but which nevertheless appealed, in story after story, to ideals such as tolerance, technological optimism, and self-sacrifice for the benefit of others.
[Comics] were viewed as the literary equivalent of bubblegum cards, meant to be poked into the spokes of a young mind where they would produce a satisfying—but entirely bogus—rumble of pleasure.
The rest of Sitka’s homicides are so-called crimes of passion, which is a shorthand way of expressing the mathematical product of alcohol and firearms.
The daily sight of her is going to be a torment, like God torturing Moses with a glimpse of Zion from the top of Mount Pisgah every single day of his life.
He knows, of course, that a criminal organization like the Verbover ring can’t flourish without the ready services of bagman and secret lobbyists, without regular applications of grease and body English to the works of government.
Miracles prove nothing except to those whose faith is bought very cheap, sir.
Every generation loses the messiah it has failed to deserve.
He’s too superstitious not to see this as a bad omen, but when you're a pessimist, all omens are bad.
He doesn’t know how one proceeds under the circumstances, except with the certainty, pressed to the heart like a keepsake of love, that in the end nothing really matters.
He didn’t want to be what he wasn’t, he didn’t know how to be what he was.
Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job.
I may go down in history as the guy who killed Pluto.
I don't play this game to make friends.
Now may I suggest you take your column and shove it?
Trust me, all this fuss over freedoms would fade in a mushroom-cloud moment if there were another attack on our soil.
Loaning to minorities and risky folks is a disaster.
Worrying about what might go wrong may not be as glamorous a job as speculating about the future, but it is a more essential job right now.
Increased knowledge clearly implies increased responsibility.
"You can't build a peaceful world on empty stomachs and human misery."
"There can be no permanent progress in the battle against hunger until the agencies that fight for increased food production and those that fight for population control unite in a common effort."
"Some credit him with saving more human lives than any other person in history."
"Thanks to the Green Revolution, the real price of food is half or less than it was in 1960 which means those who spend the highest portion of their income on food - the urban and non-farm rural poor -- garner the most benefit from it."
"As a result of [Borlaug's] work, a billion people now exist who otherwise would have starved to death, died of starvation-related diseases, or never have been born."
Variation: "… a wrong war at the wrong place and against a wrong enemy."
Life is a war, and in war, there is no second place.
I wonder sometimes if the motivation for writers ought to be contempt, not admiration.
I don't know a soul who doesn't maintain two separate lists of doctrines — the ones that they believe that they believe; and the ones that they actually try to live by.
My hands are clean, but not because I wasn't prepared to bloody them.
I've seen Australia and I've lived on an asteroid and I'd take the asteroid.
An intelligent, energetic, educated woman cannot be kept in four walls — even satin-lined, diamond-studded walls — without discovering sooner or later that they are still a prison cell.
Men and women should own the world as a mutual possession.
Euthanasia is a long, smooth-sounding word, and it conceals its danger as long, smooth words do, but the danger is there, nevertheless.
Because psychologists have been able to discover, exactly as in a slow-motion picture, the way the human creature acquires knowledge and habits, the normal child has been vastly helped by what the retarded have taught us.
All things are possible until they are proved impossible — and even the impossible may only be so, as of now.
Ah well, perhaps one has to be very old before one learns how to be amused rather than shocked.
There was an old abbot in one temple and he said something of which I think often and it was this, that when men destroy their old gods they will find new ones to take their place.
The young do not know enough to be prudent, and so they attempt the impossible, and achieve it, generation after generation.
Race prejudice is not only a shadow over the colored — it is a shadow over all of us, and the shadow is darkest over those who feel it least and allow its evil effects to go on.
None who have always been free can understand the terrible fascinating power of the hope of freedom to those who are not free.
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.
Chinese are wise in comprehending without many words what is inevitable and inescapable and therefore only to be borne.
Yet somehow our society must make it right and possible for old people not to fear the young or be deserted by them, for the test of a civilization is in the way that it cares for its helpless members.
Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame.
The bitterest creature under heaven is the wife who discovers that her husband’s bravery is only bravado, that his strength is only a uniform, that his power is but a gun in the hands of a fool.
To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death.
You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings.
We should so provide for old age that it may have no urgent wants of this world to absorb it from meditation on the next.
You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come into contact with a new idea.
The most influential Westerner to write about China since thirteenth-century Marco Polo.
When I finally gathered, invented, stole, simplified, borrowed, and found a publisher for a clutch of reasonably foolproof recipes, I learned I had friends I hadn't known about—more proof that a mutual dislike can be quite as sound a basis for friendship as a mutual devotion.
There are worse things than being fat, and one of them is worrying about it all the time.
The subject of men and women is absolutely fraught with sex, which is as it should be.
If the author is so interested in Science, why doesn't she take a course in it?
In contrast to the arbitrarily complicated evolution of a (nonintegrable) classical system, all a quantum state ever does is move in circles.
True love is not the helpless desire to possess the cherished object of one's fervent affection; true love is the disciplined generosity we require of ourselves for the sake of another when we would rather be selfish; that, at least, is how I have taught myself to love my wife.
Rumor is rarely more interesting than fact, but it is always more readily available.
It seemed odd to Joel that nature did not reflect so solemn an event: flowers of cotton-boll clouds within a sky as scandalously blue as kitten-eyes were offensive to their sweet disrespect.
Never trust a nigger: their minds and hair are full of kinks in equal measure.
But my dear, so few things are fulfilled: what are most lives but a series of incomplete episodes
Really and truly—I’ve nothing to wear.
No matter how paranoid or conspiracy-minded you are, what the government is actually doing is worse than you imagine
They knew they were pilgrims.
So they committed themselves to the will of God and resolved to proceed.
Being thus arrived in a good harbor, and brought safe to land, they fell upon their knees and blessed the God of Heaven who had brought them over the vast and furious ocean, and delivered them from all the perils and miseries thereof, again to set their feet on the firm and stable earth, their proper element.
Our fathers were Englishmen which came over this great ocean, and were ready to perish in this wilderness.
But it pleased God to visit us then with death daily, and with so general a disease that the living were scarce able to bury the dead.
Cold comfort to fill their hungry bellies.
Thus out of small beginnings greater things have been produced by His hand that made all things of nothing, and gives being to all things that are; and, as one small candle may light a thousand, so the light here kindled hath shone unto many, yea in some sort to our whole nation.
God deliver us all from prejudice and unkindness, and fill us with the love of truth and virtue.
We honor revelation too highly to make it the antagonist of reason, or to believe that it calls us to renounce our highest powers.
The office of government is not to confer happiness, but to give men opportunity to work out happiness for themselves.
All noble enthusiasms pass through a feverish stage, and grow wiser and more serene.
The mind, in proportion as it is cut off from free communication with nature, with revelation, with God, with itself, loses its life, just as the body droops when debarred from the air and the cheering light from heaven.
What a sublime doctrine it is, that goodness cherished now is eternal life already entered on!
Let us aspire towards this living confidence, that it is the will of God to unfold and exalt without end the spirit that trusts itself to Him in well-doing as to a faithful Creator.
O, for a voice of power to arouse the human spirit from its death in life of animality, to quicken it with a fit consciousness of its own nature, to lift it to an adequate comprehension of the purposes for which the sublime thoughts of God, of duty, of disinterested love, of heaven are opened within!
Did any man at his death ever regret his conflicts with himself, his victories over appetite, his scorn of impure pleasure, or his sufferings for righteousness' sake?
We smile at the ignorance of the savage who cuts down the tree in order to reach its fruit; but the same blunder is made by every person who is overeager and impatient in the pursuit of pleasure.
Sex, a great and mysterious motive force in human life, has indisputably been a subject of absorbing interest to mankind through the ages.
We consider this case against the background of a profound national commitment to the principle that debate on public issues should be uninhibited, robust, and wide-open, and that it may well include vehement, caustic, and sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks on government and public officials.
"If the right to privacy means anything, it is the right of the individual, married or single, to be free from unwarranted government intrusion into matters so fundamentally affecting a person as the decision whether to bear or begat a child."
Our Nation has had a long and unfortunate history of sex discrimination, rationalized by an attitude of 'romantic paternalism' which, in practical effect, put women, not on a pedestal, but in a cage.
The genius of the Constitution rests not in any static meaning it might have had in a world that is dead and gone, but in the adaptability of its great principles to cope with current problems and current needs.
The Constitution was framed fundamentally as a bulwark against governmental power, and preventing the arbitrary administration of punishment is a basic ideal of any society that purports to be governed by the rule of law.
If our free society is to endure, and I know it will, those who govern must recognize that the Framers of the Constitution limited their power in order to preserve human dignity and the air of freedom which is our proudest heritage.
A ghost in daylight on a crowded street.
Communication must become total and conscious before we can stop it.
A paranoid man is a man who knows a little about what's going on.
Faced by the actual practice of freedom, the French and American revolutions would be forced to stand by their words.
Hustlers of the world, there is one Mark you cannot beat: The Mark Inside.
A functioning police state needs no police.
Always go to other people's funerals; otherwise they won't go to yours.
The future ain't what it used to be.
I knew the record would stand until it was broken.
If people don't want to come to the ballpark how are you going to stop them?
If the world were perfect, it wouldn't be.
If you ask me a question I don't know, I'm not going to answer.
If you can't imitate him, don't copy him.
If you don't know where you're going, you might not get there.
It ain't over 'till it's over.
It gets late early out there.
It's so crowded, nobody goes there.
Little things are big.
Ninety percent of this game is half-mental.
Pair up in threes.
Thank you for making this day necessary.
We made too many wrong mistakes.
When you come to a fork in the road, take it.
You can observe a lot by watching.
It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future.
The similarities between me and my father are completely different.
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice and they are also the most protected.
All sides in a trial want to hide at least some of the truth.
The judge also has a truth he wants to hide: He often hasn’t been completely candid in describing the facts or the law.
Dershowitz is not only a remarkable liar and slanderer, but also an extreme opponent of elementary civil rights.
The First Law of Journalism: to confirm existing prejudice, rather than contradict it.
The travel writer seeks the world we have lost — the lost valleys of the imagination.
A "just war" is hospitable to every self-deception on the part of those waging it, none more than the certainty of virtue, under whose shelter every abomination can be committed with a clear conscience.
There is also hope that even in these days of increasing specialization there is a unity in the human experience.
Where cultural representations do not reach out beyond themselves, there is the danger that they will function as the surrogates for activism, that they will constitute both the beginning and the end of political practice.
My father walked to school 4 o'clock every morning with no shoes on, uphill, both ways, in 5 feet of snow and he was thankful.
If at first you don't succeed, you're about average.
The only thing that you can get into without a lot of trouble is a lot of trouble.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Nowhere in the world can you find a wider variety of empty calories than at any American convenience store.
Death is meaningless unless it happens to someone you know.
Look, I learned from your uncle that when the universe turns out to be insane, the wise man embraces insanity.
I'm gonna get to the bottom of this, and I don't give a fuck if you're at the top!
"Well that wraps up another episode, let me tell ya, balls are good and eels are delicious and I'm sitting here with two hot ass bitches, I'll see ya next week if my name is Norm."
"Oh it's Parked Teriffically, for PT"
"have you ever seen a brazillian zorse?"
Fix My God Damn Ass
I didn't steal it cause a guy with no hair couldn't steal it possibly!
Now if you're bad, people might get out of your way, but if you got shit, ain't nobody fuckin' with ya
The nature of the chemical bond is the problem at the heart of all chemistry.
I think fiction recues history from its confusions.
War is the ultimate realization of modern technology.
I've come to think of Europe as a hardcover book, America as the paperback version.
Who will die first?
I want to immerse myself in American magic and dread.
Every disaster made us wish for something bigger, grander, more sweeping.
To become a crowd is to keep out death.
I heard a noise, faint, monotonous, white.
The future belongs to crowds
When a writer doesn't show his face, he becomes a local symptom of God's famous reluctance to appear.
"Stories have no point if they don't absorb our terror."
The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it.
The greatest challenge of the day is: how to bring about a revolution of the heart, a revolution which has to start with each one of us?
The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up.
The good thing about reinventing the wheel is that you can get a round one.
In short, the greatest contribution to real security that science can make is through the extension of the scientific method to the social sciences and a solution of the problem of complete avoidance of war.
There is no longer any such thing as fiction or nonfiction; there’s only narrative.
Murders are exciting and lift people into a heart-beating awe as religion is supposed to do, after seeing one in the street young couples will go back to bed and make love, people will cross themselves and thank God for the gift of their stuporous lives, old folks will talk to each other over cups of hot water with lemon because murders are enlivened sermons to be analyzed and considered and relished, they speak to the timid of the dangers of rebellion, murders are perceived as momentary descents of God and so provide joy and hope and righteous satisfaction to parishioners, who will talk about them for years afterward to anyone who will listen.
Like art and politics, gangsterism is a very important avenue of assimilation into society.
Pig power in America was infuriating, but pig power in the communist framework was awesome and unaccountable.
The price of hating other human beings is loving oneself less.
All the gods are dead except the god of war.
Americans think of themselves collectively as a huge rescue squad on twenty-four-hour call to any spot on the globe where dispute and conflict may erupt.
If we don't want to define ourselves by things as superficial as our appearances, we're stuck with the revolting alternative of being judged by our actions, by what we do.
We're told to go on living our lives as usual, because to do otherwise is to let the terrorists win, and really, what would upset the Taliban more than a gay woman wearing a suit in front of a room full of Jews?
Procrastinate now, don't put it off.
I run upright mostly when I see daylight, so if you watch film you'll see I don't get hit in the chest much.
Regardless of whether one is dealing with assembly language or compiler language, the number of debugged lines of source code per day is about the same!
Productivity and reliability depend on the length of a program’s text, independent of language level used.
The number of lines of code a programmer can write in a fixed period of time is the same independent of the language used.
The use of the high level language made each programmer a factor of 5 to 10 more productive in a coding sense and more concerned with the semantics than the syntax of modules.
Because one has to be an optimist to begin an ambitious project, it is not surprising that underestimation of completion time is the norm.
To our dismay, users who had been enduring several hour waits between jobs run under batch processing were suddenly restless when response times were more than a second.
Design bugs are often subtle and occur by evolution with early assumptions being forgotten as new features or uses are added to systems.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you do not trust enough
I want to be the George Clooney of music.
I want to be the George Clooney of music.
If a country were not worth protecting, it was not worth claiming.
Never was a person more mortified than I was at this time, to see so fair an opportunity to push a victory; Detroit lost for want of a few men.
I have given the United States half the territory they possess, and for them to suffer me to remain in poverty, in consequence of it, will not redound much to their honor hereafter.
My name is Clark, and I have come out to see what you brave fellows are doing in Kentucky and to lend you a helping hand, if necessary.
While we read history we make history.
Every great crisis of human history is a pass of Thermopylae, and there is always a Leonidas and his three hundred to die in it, if they can not conquer.
How often are we forced to charge fortune with partiality towards the unjust!
If you wish to avoid foreign collision, you had better abandon the ocean.
An oppressed people are authorized, whenever they can, to rise and break their fetters.
Government is a trust, and the officers of the government are trustees; and both the trust and the trustees are created for the benefit of the people.
The Constitution of the United States was made not merely for the generation that then existed, but for posterity—unlimited, undefined, endless, perpetual posterity.
I would rather be right than be President.
And we wonder what can be that 'philosophy of education' which believes that young people can be trained to the duties of citizenship by wrapping their minds in cotton wool.
I'm one helluva communicator.
There it is, ladies and gentlemen, the Bronx is burning.
[A] broadcasting pioneer who changed the way people listen to and watch sports.
Don't fiddle while Byrne roams!
It is heartening to be able to end a textbook that has no prerequisites with a problem that has not yet been solved.
If the Confederacy falls, there should be written on its tombstone: Died of a theory.
There is a relation belonging to this species of property, unlike that of the apprentice or the hired man, which awakens whatever there is of kindness or of nobility of soul in the heart of him who owns it; this can only be alienated, obscured, or destroyed, by collecting this species of property into such masses that the owner is not personally acquainted with the individuals who compose it.
Tiny, nonfunctional wings, a dangerous appendix, eyes that can’t see, and silly ear muscles simply don’t make sense if you think that species were specially created.
We now have many of the answers that once eluded Darwin, thanks to two developments that he could not have imagined: continental drift and molecular taxonomy.
If you can’t think of an observation that could disprove a theory, that theory simply isn’t scientific.
If the history of science teaches us anything, it is that what conquers our ignorance is research, not giving up and attributing our ignorance to the miraculous work of a creator.
Because of the hegemony of fundamentalist religion in the United States, this country has been among the most resistant to the fact of human evolution.
Evolution tells us where we came from, not where we can go.
Education is the great equalizer, and shouldn’t be limited to the wealthiest few.
I understand the most profound and simplest Truth of all: Any time any of us reaches out, any time we pour even a drop of love, compassion, simple human decency (no matter how small; how seemingly insignificant) into the sea of earthly existence — we are, each and every one of us — the being called Mercy.
The impossible isn't a limitation, it's an invitation.
I'll finally get to see Marilyn.
He was a tall man with an astonishing and somehow elegant curvature of the spine, formed by an enlarged lower abdomen, which he carried in a stately and contented way, as if it contained money and securities.
Homesickness is nothing … Fifty percent of the people in the world are homesick all the time.
Art is the triumph over chaos.
The need to write comes from the need to make sense of one’s life and discover one’s usefulness.
A collection of short stories is generally thought to be a horrendous clinker; an enforced courtesy for the elderly writer who wants to display the trophies of his youth, along with his trout flies.
I sometimes go back to walk through the ghostly remains of Sutton Place where the rude, new buildings stand squarely in one another’s river views.
Literature has been the salvation of the damned, literature has inspired and guided lovers, routed despair and can perhaps in this case save the world.
All literary men are Red Sox fans—to be a Yankee fan in a literate society is to endanger your life.
When the beginnings of self-destruction enter the heart it seems no bigger than a grain of sand.
I do not understand the capricious lewdness of the sleeping mind.
Wisdom we know is the knowledge of good and evil not the strength to choose between the two.
A lonely man is a lonesome thing, a stone, a bone, a stick, a receptacle for Gilbey’s gin, a stooped figure sitting at the edge of a hotel bed, heaving copious sighs like the autumn wind.
His religious requirements—that the service come from Cranmer’s rites in the old prayer book, that it take 33 minutes or less, that the church be within 10 minutes’ driving distance and that the altar be sufficiently simple so that it wouldn’t remind him of a gift shop—limited his choice of parishes.
"Keep a thing happenin' all throughout."
"Rushin' Lullaby."
A great department store, easily reached, open at all hours, is more like a good museum of art than any of the museums we have yet established.
The world is founded on a pillar which is founded on the Deep.
He knew there must be a Ring, and he patted his pocket where he had it; he thought there should be a Best Man, though when he wrote so to Daily Alice she wrote that they didn't believe in that; and as for Rehearsals, she said when he mentioned them, "Don't you want it to be a surprise?"
Seeing a woman's child is like seeing a woman naked, in the way it changes how her face looks to you, how her face becomes less the whole story.
In the Middle East, Iraq, Sudan, the former Yugoslavia and Northern Ireland, and many other places in the world, religion has been so divisive that people have killed one another, believing they were doing the work of God.
The problem is not that Christians are conservative or liberal, but that some are so confident that their position is God's position that they become dismissive and intolerant toward others and divisive forces in our national life.
I think a lot of us share a fear that we and people we love will lose control of our own destinies at the end of life.
When we vest our personal opinions with the trappings of religion, we make religion the servant of our politics.
Every thinker puts some portion of an apparently stable world in peril and no one can wholly predict what will emerge in its place.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
As long as politics is the shadow cast on society by big business, the attenuation of the shadow will not change the substance.
An education could be given which would sift individuals, discovering what they were good for, and supplying a method of assigning each to the work in life for which his nature fits him.
The ideal may seem remote of execution, but the democratic ideal of education is a farcical yet tragic delusion except as the ideal more and more dominates our public system of education.
The conception of education as a social process and function has no definite meaning until we define the kind of society we have in mind.
Men's fundamental attitudes toward the world are fixed by the scope and qualities of the activities in which they partake.
The premium so often put in schools upon external "discipline," and upon marks and rewards, upon promotion and keeping back, are the obverse of the lack of attention given to life situations in which the meaning of facts, ideas, principles, and problems is vitally brought home.
The difference between play and what is regarded as serious employment should be not a difference between the presence and absence of imagination, but a difference in the materials with which imagination is occupied.
Every subject at some phase of its development should possess, what is for the individual concerned with it, an aesthetic quality.
The development of science has produced an industrial revolution which has brought different peoples in such close contact with one another through colonization and commerce that no matter how some nations may still look down upon others, no country can harbor the illusion that its career is decided wholly within itself.
To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness.
The only way to abolish war is to make peace heroic.
I work not only for the OJs, but also the No Js.
You could kill your wife and there's no such thing as 25 to life as long as you've got the cash to pay for Cochran.
The ultimate for me would be to do a feature that didn't require any narrative structure.
I got disappointed in human nature as well and gave it up because I found it too much like my own.
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
They may believe you, but I never will; never again.
I can breathe for the first time "since u been gone".
I'm a negative creep and I'm stoned.
Throw down your umbilical noose so I can climb right back.
I miss the comfort in being sad.
I take pride as the king of illiterature.
All in all is all we are.
If you're really a mean person you're going to come back as a fly and eat poop.
I wouldn't have been surprised if they had voted me Most Likely To Kill Everyone At A High School Dance.
The thrill and embarrassment of becoming international pop stars was too much, so we opened our mouths and put our foot in sometimes.
I'm a much happier guy than a lot of people think I am.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
That kid has heart.
Rage and aggression were elements for Kurt to play with as an artist, but he was profoundly gentle and intelligent.
And like I said I love Kurt Cobain and Nirvana, the lyrics are so deep--stuff like "The animals I've trapped have now become my pets".
He's your archetypal small guy - wiry, defiantly working class and fiery.
What of Kurt Cobain, will his presence still remain?
A whole generation of kids blowin' out their fuckin' brains to this Kurt Cobain music
And now I'll close my eyes really, really tight And make you all go away, I'll make you all go all go away And I'll pull the trigger and make it all go away And I'll make it all go away, I'll make it all go away
Or take me away like a bullet from Kurt Cobain
I'll finish with a bang like Kurt Cobain's biography
Yo, I blow your mind like Kurt Cobain
Keep them high like Kurt Cobain.
And so I parallel the brains of Cobain.
Yeah the whole byrd gangs in here like Kurt Cobain was here.
The children of the white families in town were not permitted to associate with me, because my father was committing the then unpardonable crime, in Southern eyes, of educating negroes.
Unwittingly then had I discovered an Invisible Empire of the Air, intangible, yet solid as granite, whose structure shall persist while man inhabits the planet.
The actual poetry of this engineering triumph was first brought stunningly upon me in 1915 when I sat in an audience in San Francisco and heard the breaking of the surf upon the far Atlantic shore.
I foresee great refinements in the field of short-pulse microwave signaling, whereby several simultaneous programs may occupy the same channel, in sequence, with incredibly swift electronic communication; vastly important developments in microwave technique, whereby present clumsy connecting leads between wall or floor sockets and electric devices like toasters and vacuum sweepers may become unnecessary; gigantic magnetrons and klystrons, or their successors, will generate megawatts in microwaves; living rooms and their occupants will be heated by high-frequency waves from walls or ceilings; short waves will be generally used in the kitchen for roasting and baking, almost instantaneously
"There's no other art form in the world that affects me more"
Disagreements don't cause disunity, a lack of forgiveness does.
England may as well dam up the waters of the Nile with bulrushes as to fetter the step of Freedom, more proud and firm in this youthful land than where she treads the sequestered glens of Scotland, or couches herself among the magnificent mountains of Switzerland.
We first crush people to the earth, and then claim the right of trampling on them forever, because they are prostrate.
Home—that blessed word, which opens to the human heart the most perfect glimpse of Heaven, and helps to carry it thither, as on an angel’s wings.
The eye of genius has always a plaintive expression, and its natural language is pathos.
Childhood itself is scarcely more lovely than a cheerful, kind, sunshiny old age.
I will work in my own way, according to the light that is in me.
Yours for the unshackled exercise of every faculty by every human being.
That a majority of women do not wish for any important change in their social and civil condition, merely proves that they are the unreflecting slaves of custom.
Expecting to be able to get rid of the competitive drive, first of all, flies in the face of human nature — and little girls certainly have this drive, as much as little boys do, or at least the little girls I have observed in my immediate family have it.
Carr was left with a ring, in the palm of his hand, a small gold circle, leading him nowhere.
The extreme positions of the Crossfire Syndrome require extreme simplification — framing the debate in terms which ignore the real issues.
"In the conservative region far from the chaotic edge, individual elements coalesce slowly, showing no clear pattern."
For me, music and life are all about style.
It's that goddamned motherfucking 'Machine Gun.'
Is that what you wanted, Alfred?
If hooking a car battery up to a monkey's brain will help find the cure for AIDS and save somebody's life, I have two things to say … the red is positive and the black is negative.
Unfortunately, you can't vote the rascals out, because you never voted them in, in the first place.
"Tough love" is just the right phrase: love for the rich and privileged, tough for everyone else.
The most effective way to restrict democracy is to transfer decision-making from the public arena to unaccountable institutions: kings and princes, priestly castes, military juntas, party dictatorships, or modern corporations.
[The "liberal media"] love to be denounced from the right, and the right loves to denounce them, because that makes them look like courageous defenders of freedom and independence while, in fact, they are imposing all of the presuppositions of the propaganda system.
I don't say you're self-censoring - I'm sure you believe everything you're saying; but what I'm saying is, if you believed something different, you wouldn't be sitting where you're sitting.
The war is simply an obscenity, a depraved act by weak and miserable men, including all of us who have allowed it to go on and on with endless fury and destruction - all of us who would have remained silent had stability and order been secured.
Nothing can justify crimes such as those of September 11, but we can think of the United States as an "innocent victim" only if we adopt the convenient path of ignoring the record of its actions and those of its allies, which are, after all, hardly a secret.
Wanton killing of innocent civilians is terrorism, not a war against terrorism.
It’s certainly true that the world is better off without Saddam Hussein, and also without the people who supported him through his worst atrocities, and are now telling us about them.
In certain intellectual circles in France, the very basis for discussion -- a minimal respect for facts and logic -- has been virtually abandoned.
I choose to live in what I think is the greatest country in the world, which is committing horrendous terrorist acts and should stop.
If we don't believe in free expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.
I think we can be reasonably confident that if the American population had the slightest idea of what is being done in their name, they would be utterly appalled.
Jewish success is due to a culture that promotes excellence, blessed with self discipline, education, dedication and a quest for leaving this world a better place.
It is only requisite for me to add that the doctrines which I commenced to preach some seven years since are as firmly believed by me as ever; and through persecutions have attended, and the rage and malice of men been heaped upon me, I feel equally as firm in the great and glorious cause as when first I received my mission from the holy messenger.
Don't try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night.
Giving me a new idea is like handing a cretin a loaded gun, but I do thank you anyhow, bang, bang.
“There’s a law,” Chuck said, “which I call Rittersdorf’s Third Law of Diminished Returns, which states that proportional to how long you hold a job you imagine that it has progressively less and less importance in the scheme of things.”
Here, the enemy was not merely another group of human beings with a differing political persuasion; the enemy here was death.
You must beware of seeing malice behind accidental injury.
She did not really want to know; she believed she understood already.
The church of my choice is the free, open world.
To live is to be hunted.
The trouble with being educated is that it takes a long time; it uses up the better part of your life and when you are finished what you know is that you would have benefited more by going into banking.
Madness, like small fish, runs in hosts, in vast numbers of instances.
Philip Dick does not lead his critics an easy life, since he does not so much play the part of a guide through his phantasmagoric worlds as give the impression of one lost in their labyrinth.
Other works:
Film adaptations:
Women must begin to "save" themselves and their daughters before they "save" their husbands and their sons; before they "save" the whole world.
Perhaps only some young women, perhaps only a minority of all women, will be able to effect such changes through consciousness alone, through the strength of understanding, which, if transformed into wisdom, always means the performance of necessary actions.
If, as is nearly always the case, music appears to express something, this is only an illusion,and not a reality.
Cooking is like decorating — it never bores me.
Never put sofas against wall.
No white anything (except sheets).
Texture and pattern should function as a surprise.
We were about ways to show money.
I don't like bare floors.
Everything is really about lighting.
I'll be dragged from the last room I do, screaming, 'More!'
A la Rothschild, a style I define as many good things used irreverently.
Find the ideal in something not ideal.
I'll accept commissions from anyone who isn't frightened by my proposals.
There goes the neighborhood.
I don't get no respect!
I'm lucky that I am a very hard person, and strong within my beliefs, so that this hasn't really been a problem to me, y'know I just get cancer, I'll kick the hell outta you.
I refuse to be beaten in any way shape or form, so I'm gonna beat this too.
When I see lightning - you know it always brings me down Cause it's free and I see that it's me Who's lost and never found.
We have built no national temples but the Capitol; we consult no common oracle but the Constitution.
The final end of government is not to exert restraint but to do good.
There was a state without king or nobles; there was a church without a bishop; there was a people governed by grave magistrates which it had selected, and by equal laws which it had framed.
All that happens in the world of Nature or Man, — every war; every peace; every hour of prosperity; every hour of adversity; every election; every death&#160;; every life; every success and every failure, — all change, — all permanence, — the perished leaf; the unutterable glory of stars, — all things speak truth to the thoughtful spirit.
Happy is he who has laid up in his youth, and held fast in all fortune, a genuine and passionate love of reading.
We join ourselves to no party that does not carry the flag, and keep step to the music of the Union.
A book is the only immortality.
Neither irony nor sarcasm is argument.
Variant: Neither irony or sarcasm is argument.
You come into this world a zero, and you leave a zero.
Of my two handicaps, being female put many more obstacles in my path than being black.
The emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says, 'It's a girl.'
When morality comes up against profit, it is seldom that profit loses.
The difference between de jure and de facto segregation is the difference between open, forthright bigotry and the shamefaced kind that works through unwritten agreements between real estate dealers, school officials, and local politicians.
I don't measure America by its achievement but by its potential.
Not only God knows, I know, and by the end of the semester, you will know.
People get a lot of confusion, because they keep trying to think of quantum mechanics as classical mechanics
The gauge fields have eaten the Goldstone bosons and grown heavy.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
We don't invent our missions, we detect them.
Courage is not the absence of fear but the awareness that something else is more important.
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
In the last analysis, what we are communicates far more eloquently than anything we say or do.
The power to distinguish between person and performance and to communicate intrinsic worth flows naturally out of our own sense of intrinsic worth.
Spiritual Intelligence represents our drive for meaning and connection with the infinite.
Our capacity for production and enjoyment is ‬a function, in the last analysis, of our character, our integrity.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience; we are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.
Best's enemy is Good.
Every sin is the result of collaboration.
The word is clear only to the kind who on peak or plain, from dark northern ice-fields to the hot wet jungles, through all wine and want, through lies and unfamiliar truth, dark or light, are governed by the unknown gods, and though each man knows the law, no man may give tongue to it.
A singular disadvantage of the sea lies in the fact that after successfully surmounting one wave you discover that there is another behind it just as important and just as nervously anxious to do something effective in the way of swamping boats.
If I am going to be drowned -- if I am going to be drowned -- if I am going to be drowned, why, in the name of the seven mad gods, who rule the sea, was I allowed to come thus far and contemplate sand and trees?
When it came night, the white waves paced to and fro in the moonlight, and the wind brought the sound of the great sea's voice to the men on shore, and they felt that they could then be interpreters.
It was surprising that Nature had gone tranquilly on with her golden process in the midst of so much devilment.
The red sun was pasted in the sky like a wafer.
He had fought like a pagan who defends his religion.
The atoms become like a moth, seeking out the region of higher laser intensity.
Just as seeing Heaven's light gave him an awareness of God's presence in all things in the mortal plane, so it has made him aware of God's absence in all things in Hell.
We must reinstate Jesus in the rightful place which belongs to Him in the church; or the church will soon be driven into the wilderness.
Jesus aimed to impregnate the natural with the spiritual, and to resolve all our avocations into a heavenly discipline.
The gods, after all, are only human, and once their rage has been placated they are perfectly capable of acts of mercy and grace.
There was nothing like shared meals, so the experts at IBM claimed, for overcoming one's basic disbelief in the existence of other people.
I’ve made up stuff that’s turned out to be real, that’s the spooky part.
Victory comes only to those prepared to make it, and take it.
Man is a creature of hope and invention, both of which believe the idea that things cannot be changed.
The difference between me and you is that I do good fiction.
Tom Clancy Treated Like He's Some Kind Of Terrorism Expert
Working with Tom is one of the greatest gifts I've ever been given by this business.
You can't control what you can't measure
Quality is free, but only to those who are willing to pay heavily for it.
People under pressure don’t work better; they just work faster.
The manager's function is not to make people work, but to make it possible for people to work.
A day lost at the beginning of project hurts just as much as a day lost at the end.
Nothing could be a more serious violation of public trust than to consciously make a war based on false claims.
I have grown up with guns all my life, but people who like assault weapons they should join the United States Army, we have them.
Professional and moral attributes are impeccable.
Wes Clark has the character and depth to be another Marshall or Eisenhower in time of war.
To those who say that Wes Clark has never held political office: anyone who can command NATO, and keep all those forces together, and win that war without losing one American life, knows what it means to hold political office.
The mark of leadership is not to stand up when everybody is standing, but rather to actually stand up when no one else is standing.
The success of sainthood is the success attained by struggle and suffering and achieved by faith; a success of honor, of clean hands and pure heart, of service to man and glory to God.
Make us mindful of Thy mercies in the past, and faithful to the memories and traditions of truth and justice, of religion and patriotism, in those that have gone before us.
When I was in the military I always made it my first mission to burn the enemy's crops!
I think that one of Zooey's skills in songwriting is the storytelling, and I hope that the production doesn't get in the way of that, and I hope that the era that we're living in doesn't get in the way of that, if that makes any sense.
A happy man is too satisfied with the present to dwell too much on the future.
E = mc²
We shall therefore assume the complete physical equivalence of a gravitational field and a corresponding acceleration of the reference system.
I have also considered many scientific plans during my pushing you around in your pram!
Make a lot of walks to get healthy and don’t read that much but save yourself some until you’re grown up.
I am a Jew and glad to belong to the Jewish people.
Variant translation: God may be sophisticated, but he's not malicious.
I believe in Spinoza's God, Who reveals Himself in the lawful harmony of the world, not in a God Who concerns Himself with the fate and the doings of mankind.
I believe that whatever we do or live for has its causality; it is good, however, that we cannot see through to it.
The really good music, whether of the East or of the West, cannot be analyzed.
To punish me for my contempt of authority, Fate has made me an authority myself.
It is my view that the vegetarian manner of living by its purely physical effect on the human temperament would most beneficially influence the lot of mankind.
Falling in love is not at all the most stupid thing that people do — but gravitation cannot be held responsible for it.
It can scarcely be denied that the supreme goal of all theory is to make the irreducible basic elements as simple and as few as possible without having to surrender the adequate representation of a single datum of experience.
All of science is nothing more than the refinement of everyday thinking.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
I consider it important, indeed urgently necessary, for intellectual workers to get together, both to protect their own economic status and, also, generally speaking, to secure their influence in the political field.
Generations to come, it may well be, will scarce believe that such a man as this one ever in flesh and blood walked upon this Earth.
Why is it that nobody understands me and everybody likes me?
Why is it that nobody understands me, yet everybody likes me?
Everyone likes me, yet nobody understands me.
A new type of thinking is essential if mankind is to survive and move toward higher levels.
It is a scale of proportions which makes the bad difficult and the good easy.
Had I known that the Germans would not succeed in producing an atomic bomb, I would not have lifted a finger.
When I examine myself and my methods of thought I come to the conclusion that the gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge.
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it.
Since the mathematicians have invaded the theory of relativity, I do not understand it myself anymore.
I do not know how the Third World War will be fought, but I can tell you what they will use in the Fourth—rocks!
I believe that pipe smoking contributes to a somewhat calm and objective judgment in all human affairs.
Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it.
What lead me more or less directly to the special theory of relativity was the conviction that the electromotive force acting on a body in motion in a magnetic field was nothing else but an electric field.
Common sense is nothing more than a deposit of prejudices laid down by the mind before you reach eighteen.
The idea of achieving security through national armament is, at the present state of military technique, a disastrous illusion.
Try to become not a man of success, but try rather to become a man of value.
That is simple my friend: because politics is more difficult than physics.
Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity.
What I am really interested in is knowing whether God could have created the world in a different way; in other words, whether the requirement of logical simplicity admits a margin of freedom.
What I'm really interested in is whether God could have made the world in a different way; that is, whether the necessity of logical simplicity leaves any freedom at all.
On quantum theory I use up more brain grease (rough translation of German idiom) than on relativity.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or objects.
Never memorize what you can look up in books.
Even on the most solemn occasions I got away without wearing socks and hid that lack of civilisation in high boots.
I am fascinated by Spinoza's pantheism, but I admire even more his contribution to modern thought because he is the first philosopher to deal with the soul and body as one, and not two separate things.
I gang my own gait and have never belonged to my country, my home, my friends, or even my immediate family, with my whole heart; in the face of all these ties I have never lost an obstinate sense of detachment, of the need for solitude — a feeling which increases with the years.
It is enough for me to contemplate the mystery of conscious life perpetuating itself through all eternity, to reflect upon the marvelous structure of the universe which we dimly perceive, and to try humbly to comprehend an infinitesimal part of the intelligence manifested in nature.
For scientific endeavor is a natural whole the parts of which mutually support one another in a way which, to be sure, no one can anticipate.
I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity.
Politics is a pendulum whose swings between anarchy and tyranny are fueled by perpetually rejuvenated illusions.
I do not believe in immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind it.
Nothing truly valuable arises from ambition or from a mere sense of duty; it stems rather from love and devotion towards men and towards objective things.
If I would follow your advice and Jesus could perceive it, he, as a Jewish teacher, surely would not approve of such behavior.
To take those fools in clerical garb seriously is to show them too much honor.
It's become appallingly clear that our technology has surpassed our humanity.
Contempt prior to investigation is what enslaves a mind to Ignorance.
Buddhism has the characteristics of what would be expected in a cosmic religion for the future: It transcends a personal God, avoids dogmas and theology; it covers both the natural and the spiritual, and it is based on a religious sense aspiring from the experience of all things, natural and spiritual, as a meaningful unity.
Evil is the absence of God.
Two things inspire me to awe: the starry heavens and the moral universe within.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
You do not really understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother.
The most fundamental question we can ever ask ourselves is whether or not the universe we live in is friendly or hostile.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.
Variant: The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
If only I had known, I should have become a watch-maker.
Much later, when I was discussing cosmological problems with Einstein, he remarked that the introduction of the cosmological term was the biggest blunder he ever made in his life.
Einstein explained his theory to me every day, and on my arrival I was fully convinced that he understood it.
I bring Laura to the edge of the clapping crowd, and I watch her sink, becoming engulfed in the sea of clapter.
For months I had been trying to be less myself.
Ours is the commencement of a flying age, and I am happy to have popped into existence at a period so interesting.
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.
Better do a good deed near at home than go far away to burn incense.
I'm a radical feminist, not the fun kind.
The nature of women's oppression is unique: women are oppressed as women, regardless of class or race; some women have access to significant wealth, but that wealth does not signify power; women are to be found everywhere, but own or control no appreciable territory; women live with those who oppress them, sleep with them, have their children — we are tangled, hopelessly it seems, in the gut of the machinery and way of life which is ruinous to us.
The fact that we are all trained to be mothers from infancy on means that we are all trained to devote our lives to men, whether they are our sons or not; that we are all trained to force other women to exemplify the lack of qualities which characterizes the cultural construct of femininity.
Men characterize pornography as something mental because their minds, their thoughts, their dreams, their fantasies, are more real to them than women's bodies or lives; in fact, men have used their social power to characterize a $10-billion-a-year trade in women as fantasy.
Pornography is the essential sexuality of male power: of hate, of ownership, of hierarchy; of sadism, of dominance.
Men are rewarded for learning the practice of violence in virtually any sphere of activity by money, admiration, recognition, respect, and the genuflection of others honoring their sacred and proven masculinity.
One needs either equality or political and economic superiority.
Can women make use of men's vulnerability not to marry but instead to destroy male power?
Could women's liberation ever be a revolutionary movement, not rhetorically but on the ground?
Pornography is used in rape - to plan it, to execute it, to choreograph it, to engender the excitement to commit the act.
Heterosexual intercourse is the pure, formalized expression of contempt for women’s bodies.
Travel by air is not travel at all, but simply a change of location; so my wife and daughter and I went to San Francisco by train, leaving Boston on a Wednesday morning in June and, then after lunch in New York, boarding Amtrak’s Broadway to Chicago.
Very early, I understood that women were required to be other than what they were.
For ritual allows those who cannot will themselves out of the secular to perform the spiritual, as dancing allows the tongue-tied man a ceremony of love.
I'm tired of trying to do something worthwhile for the human race, they simply don't want to change!
I feel like a quote out of context, withholding the rest so I can be for you what you want to see.
Instead of buying airplanes and playing around like some of our competitors, we've rolled almost everything back into the company.
To create a new standard, it takes something that's not just a little bit different; it takes something that's really new and really captures people's imagination — and the Macintosh, of all the machines I've ever seen, is the only one that meets that standard.
The next generation of interesting software will be done on the Macintosh, not the IBM PC.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Spam will be a thing of the past in two years' time.
Does the e-mail say it's about 'enlargement' — that might be spam.
If you show people the problems and you show people the solutions they will be moved to act.
Understand that this is the last physical format there will ever be.
I'm a big believer that as much as possible, and there's obviously political limitations, freedom of migration is a good thing.
There's only one trick in software, and that is using a piece of software that's already been written.
I see little commercial potential for the internet for the next 10 years.
The idea that Bill Gates has appeared like a knight in shining armour to lead all customers out of a mire of technological chaos neatly ignores the fact that it was he who, by peddling second-rate technology, led them into it in the first place.
There never was a chip, it is said, that Bill Gates couldn't slow down with a new batch of features.
Probably the most dangerous and powerful industrialist of our age.
Bill Gates is a monocle and a Persian cat away from being the villain in a James Bond movie.
[Gates] apparently has made more money than anyone else his age, ever, in any business.
Tactics flow from a positionally superior game.
Best by test.
I have never opened with the QP - on principle.
Patzer sees a check, gives a check.
You know I'm finished with the old chess because it's all just a lot of book and memorization you know.
I'm not as soft or as generous a person as I would be if the world hadn't changed me.
I would rather be free in my mind, and be locked up in a prison cell, than to be a coward and not be able to say what I want.
Most people are sheep, and they need the support of others.
Bobby is the most misunderstood, misquoted celebrity walking the face of the earth.
Keep a good head and always carry a light bulb.
God, I'm glad I'm not me.
Chaos is a friend of mine.
I think of a hero as someone who understands the degree of responsibility that comes with his freedom.
The first two lines, which rhymed 'kiddin' you' and 'didn't you,' just about knocked me out, and later on, when I got to the jugglers and the chrome horse and the princess on the steeple, it all just about got to be too much.
That ear - I mean, Jesus, he's got to will that to the Smithsonian.
We may not be able to defeat these swine, but we don't have to join them.
I put one on the turntable and when the needle dropped, I was stunned — didn't know whether I was stoned or straight.
Morality has nothing in common with politics.
You can't be wise and in love at the same time.
I don't call myself a poet, because I don't like the word.
Dare to be naïve.
Don't fight forces, use them.
The opposite of nature is impossible
Thinking is a momentary dismissal of irrelevancies.
There is room enough indoors in New York City for the whole 1963 world's population to enter, with room enough inside for all hands to dance the twist in average nightclub proximity.
CALL ME TRIMTAB
The Universe consists of non-simultaneously apprehended events.
Synergy means behavior of whole systems unpredicted by the behavior of their parts taken seperately.
Unity is plural and, at minimum, is two.
The highest of generalizations is the synergetic integration of truth and love.
It seemed that the time would come evolutionarily when humans might have acquired enough knowledge of generalized principles to permit a graduation from class-two (entropically selfish) evolution into class-one (syntropically cooperative) evolution, thereafter making all the right moves for all the right reasons.
Less is more.
With any child entering adolescence, one hunts for signs of health, is desperate for the smallest indication that the child's problems will never be important enough for a television movie.
"The better we get at getting better, the faster we will get better."
I know how to tell a story, but there’s a deeper thing I’m trying to get to now that can’t be expressed with a caption.
All I ever wanted to do was act. And pay my bills
But one thing it opened her eyes to, and made certain from the first instant of her new consciousness, namely, that since she loved him she could not keep her promise to marry him.
Hold the period of youth sacred to education, and the period of maturity, when the physical forces begin to flag, equally sacred to ease and agreeable relaxation.
Buying and selling is essentially antisocial.
The nation guarantees the nurture, education, and comfortable maintenance of every citizen from the cradle to the grave.
When you come to analyze the love of money which was the general impulse to effort in your day, you find that the dread of want and desire of luxury was but one of several motives which the pursuit of money represented; the others, and with many the more influential, being desire of power, of social position, and reputation for ability and success.
[I]f we could have devised an arrangement for providing everybody with music in their homes, perfect in quality, unlimited in quantity, suited to every mood, and beginning and ceasing at will, we should have considered the limit of human felicity already attained, and ceased to strive for further improvements.
If bread is the first necessity of life, recreation is a close second.
On no other stage are the scenes shifted with a swiftness so like magic as on the great stage of history when once the hour strikes.
Psychoanalysis, which interprets the human being as a socialized being, and the psychic apparatus as essentially developed and determined through the relationship of the individual to society, must consider it a duty to participate in the investigation of sociological problems to the extent the human being or his/her psyche plays any part at all.
One cannot be deeply responsive to the world without being saddened very often.
The kind of relatedness to the world may be noble or trivial, but even being related to the basest kind of pattern is immensely preferable to being alone.
Man’s biological weakness is the condition of human culture.
Greed is a bottomless pit which exhausts the person in an endless effort to satisfy the need without ever reaching satisfaction.
The successful revolutionary is a statesman, the unsuccessful one a criminal.
Man is the only animal for whom his own existence is a problem which he has to solve and from which he cannot escape.
Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.
To die is poignantly bitter, but the idea of having to die without having lived is unbearable.
Selfish persons are incapable of loving others, but they are not capable of loving themselves either.
Man may be defined as the animal that can say "I,” that can be aware of himself as a separate entity.
Just as love is an orientation which refers to all objects and is incompatible with the restriction to one object, so is reason a human faculty which must embrace the whole of the world with which man is confronted.
We consume, as we produce, without any concrete relatedness to the objects with which we deal; We live in a world of things, and our only connection with them is that we know how to manipulate or to consume them.
Love is often nothing but a favorable exchange between two people who get the most of what they can expect, considering their value on the personality market.
What most people in our culture mean by being lovable is essentially a mixture between being popular and having sex appeal.
Just as modern mass production requires the standardization of commodities, so the social process requires standardization of man, and this standardization is called equality.
Psychoanalysis is essentially a theory of unconscious strivings, of resistance, of falsification of reality according to one's subjective needs and expectations.
The existential split in man would be unbearable could he not establish a sense of unity within himself and with the natural and human world outside.
Neurosis can be understood best as the battle between tendencies within an individual; deep character analysis leads, if successful, to the progressive solution.
Chronic boredom — compensated or uncompensated — constitutes one of the major psychopathological phenomena in contemporary technotronic society, although it is only recently that it has found some recognition.
Healthy children will not fear life if their elders have integrity enough not to fear death.
When established identities become outworn or unfinished ones threaten to remain incomplete, special crises compel men to wage holy wars, by the cruelest means, against those who seem to question or threaten their unsafe ideological bases.
Someday, maybe, there will exist a well-informed, well considered and yet fervent public conviction that the most deadly of all possible sins is the mutilation of a child’s spirit; for such mutilation undercuts the life principle of trust, without which every human act, may it feel ever so good and seem ever so right is prone to perversion by destructive forms of conscientiousness.
The Amendment nullifies sophisticated as well as simple-minded modes of discrimination.
In this Court dissents have gradually become majority opinions.
The ultimate touchstone of constitutionality is the Constitution itself and not what we have said about it.
It would be a narrow conception of jurisprudence to confine the notion of 'laws' to what is found written on the statute books, and to disregard the gloss which life has written upon it.
Of compelling consideration is the fact that words acquire scope and function from the history of events which they summarize.
No court can make time stand still.
A phrase begins life as a literary expression; its felicity leads to its lazy repetition; and repetition soon establishes it as a legal formula, undiscriminatingly used to express different and sometimes contradictory ideas.
The history of liberty has largely been the history of the observance of procedural safeguards.
Is that which was deemed to be of so fundamental a nature as to be written into the Constitution to endure for all times to be the sport of shifting winds of doctrine?
After all, advocates, including advocates for States, are like managers of pugilistic and election contestants, in that they have a propensity for claiming everything.
In law also the emphasis makes the song.
It has not been unknown that judges persist in error to avoid giving the appearance of weakness and vacillation.
Decisions of this Court do not have intrinsic authority.
After all, this is the Nation's ultimate judicial tribunal, nor a super-legal-aid bureau.
The indispensible judicial requisite is intellectual humility.
A court which yields to the popular will thereby licenses itself to practice despotism, for there can be no assurance that it will not on another occasion indulge its own will.
Wisdom too often never comes, and so one ought not to reject it merely because it comes late.
Ambiguity lurks in generality and may thus become an instrument of severity.
It is a wise man who said that there is no greater inequality than the equal treatment of unequals.
The mark of a truly civilized man is confidence in the strength and security derived from the inquiring mind.
[It is anomalous] to hold that in order to convict a man the police cannot extract by force what is in his mind, but can extract what is in his stomach.
Freedom of the press is not an end in itself but a means to the end of [achieving] a free society.
While it is not always profitable to analogize "fact" to "fiction," La Fontaine's fable of the crow, the cheese, and the fox demonstrates that there is a substantial difference between holding a piece of cheese in the beak and putting it in the stomach.
Time and experience have forcefully taught that the power to inspect dwelling places, either as a matter of systematic area-by-area search or, as here, to treat a specific problem, is of indispensable importance in the maintenance of community health; a power that would be greatly hobbled by the blanket requirement of the safeguards necessary for a search of evidence of criminal acts.
In a democratic society like ours, relief must come through an aroused popular conscience that sears the conscience of the people's representatives.
Appeal must be to an informed, civically militant electorate.
No judge writes on a wholly clean slate.
The mode by which the inevitable is reached is effort.
Litigation is the pursuit of practical ends, not a game of chess.
As a member of this court I am not justified in writing my private notions of policy into the Constitution, no matter how deeply I may cherish them or how mischievous I may deem their disregard.
For the highest exercise of judicial duty is to subordinate one's personal pulls and one's private views to the law of which we are all guaradians - those impersonal convictions that made a society a civilized community, and not the victims of personal rule.
Morals are three-quarters manners.
Holmes said Emerson had a beautiful voice, and, of course, Holmes had one of the most beautiful voices the Lord ever put into a throat.
I do take law very seriously, deeply seriously, because fragile as reason is and limited as law is as the institutionalized medium of reason, that's all we have standing between us and the tyranny of mere will and the cruelty of unbridled, undisciplined feeling.
Yeah boyeee!
I smell like vitamin C, rose-oil and old smelly socks.
I love, I love, I love, killer whales, and I love mangos, and Iggy Pop too, I love Iggy Pop, and eating, getting up in the morning, and going swimming, and taking a good shit, and I love all of you too!
People that are uptight about the kiss on the magazine are the same people that are gonna be watching macho football players in tight pants wrestle around and slap each other on the butt and think it's the all american macho thing to do.
When I retire, I'll get Ricky Hatton to wash my clothes and cut my lawn and buckle my shoes.
He can have heart, he can hit harder and he can be stronger, but there's no fighter smarter than me.
There is no concept in the whole field of physics which is more difficult to understand than is the concept of entropy, nor is there one which is more fundamental.
Only by doing the best we can with the very best that an era offers, do we find the way to do better in the future.
Prove to me that you have the right to exist!
All acts, and only those acts, that coercively harm others are evil.
There is no moral authority for government other than to enforce the Universal Ethic.
Don’t ask from whom the economy hides; it hides from you!
All good writing is swimming under water and holding your breath.
Thirty — the promise of a decade of loneliness, a thinning list of single men to know, a thinning briefcase of enthusiasm, thinning hair.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
Sometimes it is harder to deprive oneself of a pain than of a pleasure.
Either you think — or else others have to think for you and take power from you, pervert and discipline your natural tastes, civilize and sterilize you.
I hate the place like poison with a sincere hatred.
In a real dark night of the soul it is always three o'clock in the morning, day after day.
I must hold in balance the sense of the futility of effort and the sense of the necessity to struggle; the conviction of the inevitability of failure and still the determination to "succeed" — and, more than these, the contradiction between the dead hand of the past and the high intentions of the future.
My generation of radicals and breakers-down never found anything to take the place of the old virtues of work and courage and the old graces of courtesy and politeness.
Once one is caught up into the material world not one person in ten thousand finds the time to form literary taste, to examine the validity of philosophic concepts for himself, or to form what, for lack of a better phrase, I might call the wise and tragic sense of life.
Great art is the contempt of a great man for small art.
Show me a hero and I will write you a tragedy.
There are no second acts in American lives.
"Jelly-bean" is the name throughout the undissolved Confederacy for one who spends his life conjugating the verb to idle in the first person singular — I am idling, I have idled, I will idle.
There had been a war fought and won and the great city of the conquering people was crossed with triumphal arches and vivid with thrown flowers of white, red, and rose.
The farmers may be the backbone of the country, but who wants to be a backbone?
I care not who hoes the lettuce of my country if I can eat the salad!
Anyone who doesn't like Metal is a fucking pussy!
Kiss the ass of metal, you fucking Jerk-offs!
I've seen George Foreman shadow boxing and the shadow won!
I feel that matter has properties which physics tells you.
So I am just sitting and waiting, listening, and if something exciting comes, I just jump in.
Es Gamow't wieder
This time, there at last exists in this world an organization not dedicated to saving just one PART of the White Race - as the Klan tried and succeeded for a time in saving the South, and the German Nazis tried and succeeded for a while in saving Germany - THIS TIME, the American Nazi Party and the World Union of National Socialists, of which the American Nazi Party is a part, will see to it that the White Race never again lays itself open to brainwashing and defeat by DIVIDING ITSELF and by being taught to HATE ITSELF and PARTS OF ITSELF - the way Yankees and "rebels" were taught to hate each other, and Americans and "Nazis" were taught to hate each other.
This time we'll hate, alright - but we'll hate the ENEMY - the vicious gang of colored scum attackers and Jewish-Communist traitors - rather than one part of our own people hating another part for the benefit of the Jews and their army of SCUM!
White Man, let us stand together to secure the survival of your people and my people, for they are one and the same - they are our beloved, miraculous, wonderful, blessed and masterful white race!
I've been close to Bette Davis for thirty-eight years - and I have the cigarette burns to prove it.
An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous.
Any customer can have a car painted any colour that he wants so long as it is black.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
When I see an Alfa Romeo go by, I tip my hat.
As long as we look to legislation to cure poverty or to abolish special privilege we are going to see poverty spread and special privilege grow.
To prevent government from becoming corrupt and tyrannous, its organization and methods should be as simple as possible, its functions be restricted to those necessary to the common welfare, and in all its parts it should be kept as close to the people and as directly within their control as may be.
As man is so constituted that it is utterly impossible for him to attain happiness save by seeking the happiness of others, so does it seem to be of the nature of things that individuals and classes can obtain their own just rights only by struggling for the rights of others.
As there are many to whom the beauty and harmony of economic laws are hidden, and to whom the inspiring thought of a social order in which there should be work for all, leisure for all, and abundance for all — in which all might be at least as true, as generous and as manful as they wish to be — is shut out by the deference paid to economic authorities who have as it were given bonds not to find that for which they profess to seek, so there are many to-day to whom any belief in the spiritual element, in the existence of God and in a future life, is darkened or destroyed, not so much by difficulties they themselves find, but by what they take to be the teachings of science.
Adults must remember that they look like insane giants to children.
It is clear to me that under the right conditions, future technologies will be created that we cannot even imagine.
If one removes the first two letters from this word 'spoil' he soon realizes what Russia will really be after — obviously, oil.
Grown men should not be having sex with prostitutes unless they are married to them.
God continues to lift the curtain and allow the enemies of America to give us probably what we deserve.
The ACLU's got to take a lot of blame for this.
You've got to kill the terrorists before the killing stops and I am for the President — chase them all over the world, if it takes ten years, blow them all away in the name of the Lord.
Regardless of the response from the Jewish person, we remain friends in support of the State of Israel as required by scripture.
I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.
If you gave Falwell an enema he could be buried in a matchbox.
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain that which he cannot lose.
I talk kinda slow, especially for the Northeast, so it was a way to beat (would-be hecklers) to the punch.
Yeah, I am a character actor.
Stand-up is an amazing art form, I think, because it's all about you having complete control of the situation, but absolutely none.
One thing I've always appreciated about Dave is that he can be sarcastic without being alienating and self-deprecating without being self-abusing.
He's arguably one of the best stand-up comics in the country.
Be nice to people on your way up, because you're going to meet them all on your way down.
I don't know where it's going, but I'm sticking with it!
Normal is not something to aspire to, it is something to get away from.
I cannot believe in God when there is no scientific evidence for the existence of a supreme being and creator.
The United States of America does not have friends; it has interests
Intend to live in continual mortification, and never to expect or desire any worldly ease or pleasure.
When I am giving the relation of a thing, remember to abstain from altering either in the matter or manner of speaking, so much, as that, if every one, afterwards, should alter as much, it would at last come to be properly false.
To mark all that I say in conversation, merely to beget in others, a good opinion of myself, and examine it.
The beauty of the world consists wholly of sweet mutual consents, either within itself or with the supreme being.
A little, wretched, despicable creature; a worm, a mere nothing, and less than nothing; a vile insect that has risen up in contempt against the majesty of Heaven and earth.
The soul of a true christian, as I then wrote my meditations, appeared like such a little white flower as we see in the spring of the year; low and humble on the ground, opening its bosom to receive the pleasant beams of the sun’s glory; rejoicing, as it were, in a calm rapture; diffusing around a sweet fragrancy; standing peacefully and lovingly, in the midst of other flowers round about; all in like manner opening their bosoms to drink in the light of the sun.
The wrath of God burns against them, their damnation does not slumber; the pit is prepared, the fire is made ready, the furnace is now hot, ready to receive them; the flames do now rage and glow.
The God that holds you over the pit of hell, much as one holds a spider, or some loathsome insect over the fire, abhors you, and is dreadfully provoked: his wrath towards you burns like fire; he looks upon you as worthy of nothing else, but to be cast into the fire; he is of purer eyes than to bear to have you in his sight; you are ten thousand times more abominable in his eyes, than the most hateful venomous serpent is in ours.
Your wickedness makes you as it were heavy as lead, and to tend downwards with great weight and pressure towards hell; and if God should let you go, you would immediately sink and switfly descend and plunge into the bottomless gulf, and your healthy constitution, and your own care and prudence, and best contrivance, and all your righteousness, would have no more influence to uphold you and keep you out of hell, than a spider's web would have to stop a fallen rock.
You have reason to wonder that you are not already in hell.
I assert that nothing ever comes to pass without a cause.
This dictate of common sense.
Remember that pride is the worst viper that is in the heart, the greatest disturber of the soul's peace and sweet communion with Christ; it was the first sin that ever was, and lies lowest in the foundation of Satan's whole building, and is the most difficultly rooted out, and is the most hidden, secret and deceitful of all lusts, and often creeps in, insensibly, into the midst of religion and sometimes under the disguise of humility.
Salvation is so great a thing, so glorious an attainment, that 'tis worth the while for a man to do his utmost every day during his whole life in the use of all proper means that he may attain.
Resolved, never to lose one moment of time; but improve it the most profitable way I possibly can.
Resolved, to live with all my might, while I do live.
Resolved, never to do anything which I should be afraid to do if it were the last hour of my life.
Resolved, never to do anything out of revenge.
Resolved, never to speak evil of anyone, so that it shall tend to his dishonor, more or less, upon no account except for some real good.
Resolved, never to count that a prayer, nor to let that pass as a prayer, nor that as a petition of a prayer, which is so made, that I cannot hope that God will answer it; nor that as a confession, which I cannot hope God will accept.
Resolved, to ask myself at the end of every day, week, month and year, wherein I could possibly in any respect have done better.
Resolved, to confess frankly to myself all that which I find in myself, either infirmity or sin; and, if it be what concerns religion, also to confess the whole case to God, and implore needed help.
Resolved, always to do that, which I shall wish I had done when I see others do it.
A greater absurdity cannot be thought of than a morose, hard-hearted, covetous, proud, malicious Christian.
Every Christian that goes before us from this world is a ransomed spirit waiting to welcome us in heaven.
Consider that as a principle of love is the main principle in the heart of a real Christian, so the labor of love, is the main business of the Christian life.
Whatever in Christ had the nature of satisfaction, was by virtue of His suffering or humiliation; whatever had the nature of merit, was by virtue of His obedience or righteousness.
If you seek in the spirit of selfishness, to grasp all as your own, you shall lose all, and be driven out of the world, at last, naked and forlorn, to everlasting poverty and contempt.
Christian practice is that evidence which confirms every other indication of true godliness.
Depression presents itself as a realism regarding the rottenness of the world in general and the rottenness of your life in particular.
An ink bottle, which now seems impossibly quaint, was still thinkable as a symbol in 1970.
Today's Baudelaires are hip-hop artists.
When public men indulge themselves in abuse, when they deny others a fair trial, when they resort to innuendo and insinuation, to libel, scandal, and suspicion, then our democratic society is outraged, and democracy is baffled.
The junior Senator from Wisconsin, by his reckless charges, has so preyed upon the fears and hatred of uninformed and credulous people that he has started a prairie fire, which neither he nor anyone else may be able to control.
The Soviet Union has indeed been our greatest menace — not so much because of what it has done, but because of the excuses it has provided us for our own failures.
The citizen who criticizes his country is paying it an implied tribute.
The price of empire is America's soul, and that price is too high.
We would be deliberately violating the fundamental obligations we assumed in the Act of Bogota establishing the Organization of American States.
Power confuses itself with virtue and tends also to take itself for omnipotence.
A pre-emptive war in 'defense' of freedom would surely destroy freedom, because one simply cannot engage in barbarous action without becoming a barbarian, because one cannot defend human values by calculated and unprovoked violence without doing mortal damage to the values one is trying to defend.
Let Saigons be bygones / Don't you blow this world in two.
"Poly" means more than one, and ticks are bloodsucking parasites.
No lesbian left behind.
It's all in your head -- you just have no idea how big your head is.
God and I will achieve Supreme Enlightenment at the same moment.
If we can’t wake up to the fact that deep down inside we are good, then we deserve to remain asleep dreaming we are evil.
Spirits are as real as the powers they personify.
So I close in saying that I might have been given a bad break, but I've got an awful lot to live for.
Where I used to strive for movement and restlessness I now attempt to sense and express the complete total calm of objects and the surrounding air.
I have the libido of a 15-year-old boy – my sex drive is so high.
You always hear about the African-American voters and Hispanic American voters, but you don't hear about the redneck voters.
I've already been called a racist.
[If] Obama wins, I'm moving to Alaska.
Dope And Loose Change: That's Your Real Slogan!
I think the government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem and very often makes the problem worse.
One of the great mistakes is to judge policies and programs by their intentions rather than their results.
In this day and age, we need to revise the old saying to read, "Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned."
There is no place for government to prohibit consumers from buying products the effect of which will be to harm themselves.
With some notable exceptions, businessmen favor free enterprise in general but are opposed to it when it comes to themselves.
The broader and more influential organisations of businessmen have acted to undermine the basic foundation of the free market system they purport to represent and defend.
I know of no severe depression, in any country or any time, that was not accompanied by a sharp decline in the stock of money and equally of no sharp decline in the stock of money that was not accompanied by a severe depression.
The Federal Reserve definitely caused the Great Depression by contracting the amount of money in circulation by one-third from 1929 to 1933
There's a smokestack on the back of every government program.
If a tax cut increases government revenues, you haven't cut taxes enough.
The business of business is business.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
Corruption is government intrusion into market efficiencies in the form of regulations.
Everybody loves to argue with Milton, particularly when he isn't there.
Hello, Pineapples!
Hello, Hotdog
The composer makes plans, music laughs.
After all, Jews invented psychiatry to help other Jews become Gentiles.
For years I said if I could only find a comfortable chair I would rival Mozart.
Just because things get a little dingy at the subatomic level doesn't mean all bets are off.
I am continually fascinated at the difficulty intelligent people have in distinguishing what is controversial from what is merely offensive.
Verbal ability is a highly overrated thing in a guy, and it's our pathetic need for it that gets us into so much trouble.
[Hollywood] is a very male business, and it has in vast portions of it — the whole action movie part of it might as well be the United States Army in 1943 in that the ethics of it are, you know, boot camp and action movies and guns and explosions and all the rest of it, and that – so that means that about 50% of the business is not only pretty much closed off to women, but women don’t even wanna be in it!
Plastic surgery is a way for people to buy themselves a few years before they have to truly confront what ageing is, which of course is not that your looks are falling apart, but that you are falling apart and some-day you will have fallen apart and ceased to exist.
With any child entering adolescence, one hunts for signs of health, is desperate for the smallest indication that the child's problems will never be important enough for a television movie.
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
Resurrection, like politics, makes strange bedfellows.
Dreams haunted The Riverworld.
Everybody should fear only one person, and that person should be himself.
One of the most original, one of the most talented, and certainly one of the most fearless writers around.
On the infrequent occasions when I have been called upon in a formal place to play the bongo drums, the introducer never seems to find it necessary to mention that I also do theoretical physics.
I think I can safely say that nobody understands quantum mechanics.
Our imagination is stretched to the utmost, not, as in fiction, to imagine things which are not really there, but just to comprehend those things which are there.
Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts.
If I could explain it to the average person, I wouldn't have been worth the Nobel Prize.
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.
Tell your son to stop trying to fill your head with science — for to fill your heart with love is enough.
What I cannot create, I do not understand.
A great deal more is known than has been proved.
You will have to brace yourselves for this — not because it is difficult to understand, but because it is absolutely ridiculous: All we do is draw little arrows on a piece of paper — that’s all!
I have to understand the world, you see.
In particular, she had a wonderful sense of humor, and I learned from her that the highest forms of understanding we can achieve are laughter and human compassion.
Shut up and calculate!
Richard Feynman became so exasperated [at the National Academy of Sciences] that he resigned his membership, saying that he saw no point in belonging to an organization that spent most of its time deciding who to let in.
This verse is for Richard Feynman, He was not a simple simon.
If that's the world's smartest man, God help us.
He is wisdom for your ignorance, strength for your weakness, righteousness for your guilt, sanctification for your corruption, redemption from all the thralldom of your apostasy.
Christians are called saints, for their holiness; believers, for their faith; brethern, for their love; disciples, for their knowledge.
Count not that thou hast lived that day, in which thou hast not lived with God.
Your salvation is His business; make His service your business and delight.
O, cross of my bleeding Lord, may I meditate on thee more, may I feel thee more, may I resolve to know nothing but thee.
Saving faith is confidence in Jesus; a direct, confidential transaction with Him.
O, for a living faith in a living Redeemer!
The greatest truths are ever known through the heart; and this sublimest of all truths, the amazing sacrifice which Eternal Love has made for guilty man, can be comprehended only by the heart, — by communion with that Love in its sorrows, sacrifices, triumphs, joys.
The oblation of the cross is perpetuated, carried on — not materially, but spiritually — in every heart, in every life which is consecrated to a crucified Jesus and to His suffering cause.
We have communion in Christ's sufferings as we die with Him unto self, and rise with Him to our proper life — the life of self- surrender to the will of God.
For having a clear influence on methodologies for the creation of efficient and reliable software, and for helping to found the following important subfields of computer science: the theory of parsing, the semantics of programming languages, automatic program verification, automatic program synthesis, and analysis of algorithms.
The best way out is always through.
Pressed into service means pressed out of shape.
Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk sense.
We love the things we love for what they are.
The snake stood up for evil in the Garden.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
Deliver us from committees.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life — It goes on.
The best things and best people rise out of their separateness; I'm against a homogenized society because I want the cream to rise.
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
Of what use is freedom of speech to those who fear to offend?
Doing research on the Web is like using a library assembled piecemeal by pack rats and vandalized nightly.
I believe empathy is the most essential quality of civilization.
Pixar is the first studio that is a movie star.
Parents: If you encounter teenagers who say they liked this movie, do not let them date your children.
The director, whose name is Pitof, was probably issued with two names at birth and would be wise to use the other one on his next project.
I've been reviewing movies for a long time, and I can't think of one that more dramatically shoots itself in the foot.
There is a word for this movie, and that word is: Ick.
Since the scenes where they're together are so much less convincing than the ones where they fall apart, watching the movie is like being on a double-date from hell.
It's the kind of movie home video was invented for: Not worth the trip to the theater, but slam it into the VCR and you get your rental's worth.
One hopeful sign that the filmmakers can learn and grow is that the sequel does not contain a single pie, if you know what I mean.
Rarely has a movie this expensive provided so many quotable lines.
Life's missed opportunities, at the end, may seem more poignant to us than those we embraced — because in our imagination they have a perfection that reality can never rival.
Why did they give an R rating to a movie perfect for teenagers?
The ability of so many people to live comfortably with the idea of capital punishment is perhaps a clue to how so many Europeans were able to live with the idea of the Holocaust: Once you accept the notion that the state has the right to kill someone and the right to define what is a capital crime, aren't you halfway there?
Nobody has been more important in telling Americans why we should love film than Roger Ebert.
I think making mistakes and discovering them for yourself is of great value.
The world has certain rules — Hollywood has certain rules — but it doesn't mean you have to play by them, and I don't, or I'd be a miserable person.
I like taking risks and I decided to put every bit of me into the role.
People who think they know me would be surprised that my whole life doesn't revolve around sex.
She’s got a brain and all the right emotional instincts, and that’s a great combination.
One of the keys to understanding Fenn is that when she talks about the characters she plays she's really talking about herself.
A lot of the sentiment that acting should be about an art form rather than mass entertainment and celebrity is at the core of Fenn’s attitude to the business.
She's a mysterious girl and I think that actresses like her who have a mystery — where there's something hiding beneath the surface — are the really interesting ones.
Science knows no boundaries, and efforts to create barriers – whether to keep new ideas within or to prevent new ones from entering from the outside – have universally proved harmful to progress.
Our civilization is still in a middle stage — scarcely beast in that it is no longer wholly guided by instinct; scarcely human, in that it is not yet wholly guided by reason.
If I were personally to define religion, I would say that it is a bandage that man has invented to protect a soul made bloody by circumstance.
Art is the stored honey of the human soul, gathered on wings of misery and travail.
Shakespeare, I come!
A teacher can do very little for a pupil and should only be thankful if he don't hinder him, and the greater the master, mostly the less he can say.
I never knew of but one artist, and that's Tom Eakins, who could resist the temptation to see what they think ought to be rather than what is.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will instruct his patient in the care of the human frame, in diet and in the cause and prevention of disease.
Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
I believe in the existence of a Supreme Intelligence pervading the Universe.
It is very beautiful over there!
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
If we did all the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
I never did a day's work in my life, it was all fun.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything.
Hell, there are no rules here — we're trying to accomplish something.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
I have never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious ideas of heaven and hell, of future life for individuals, or of a personal God.
There is time for everything.
To my simple mind it is not obvious that a successful electrician is an authority on the immortal soul, any more than that a successful military strategist has an ear for music, or an admirable French cook a grasp of the higher mathematics.
'Canadian society' or the 'Canadian nation' cannot decide anything, because no one is in charge.
For the foreseeable future, Canada will have to be functionally bimetric, as well as a bilingual, country.
There is no iron law here, but there is clearly some tendency for larger-than-necessary coalitions to disintegrate.
I prize every candle in the darkness of the universe, even if it is not a supernova of blinding illumination.
Apparently, there is no bad economic turn a conservative cannot do unto his buddy in the working class, as long as cultural solidarity has been cemented over a beer.
The Bible is a window in this prison-world, through which we may look into eternity.
It is impossible for the mind which is not totally destitute of piety, to behold the sublime, the awful, the amazing works of creation and providence — the heavens with their luminaries, the mountains, the ocean, the storm, the earthquake, the volcano, the circuit of the seasons, and the revolutions of empires — without marking in them all the mighty hand of God, and feeling strong emotions of reverence toward the Author of these stupendous works.
I believe deeply that it's very important to the United States, to the economic health of the United States, that we maintain a strong dollar.
We don't do body counts.
I believe we have more to fear from the potential of that bill passing than we do from any terrorist right now in any country.
(The Republican plan would) make sure we bring down the cost of health care for all Americans and that ensures affordable access for all Americans and is pro-life because it will not put seniors in a position of being put to death by their government.
Referring to HR 3400: Empowering Patients First Act
This bill reminds me of the tactics of the former Soviet Union — and we know how successful that was.
(The bill) is emblematic of the attempt by the majority party to control every aspect of our lives.
Referring to Foxx's comment "I believe we have more to fear from the potential of that bill passing than we do from any terrorist right now in any country" (see above)
I didn't arrive at the opportunity to make the world work for everyone by figuring out how to do it.
Happiness is a function of accepting what is.
There are only two things in the world — nothing and semantics.
How do I know I'm not the reincarnation of Jesus Christ?
What is, is.
You are part of every atom in the world, and every atom is part of you.
You and I possess within ourselves, at every moment of our lives, under all circumstances, the power to transform the quality of our lives.
Mastering life is the process of moving from where you are to where you want to be.
Miracles occur in direct proportion to our willingness to have them.
Something experienced is true; the same thing believed is a lie.
The greatest philosopher of the twentieth century.
At all times and under all circumstances,we have the power to transform the quality of our lives.
Werner Erhard, a former used-car salesman, made millions with EST, but it turned out to be just another moneymaking scam disguised as a form of therapy.
Werner Erhard is virtually the only consciousness leader, and the only person of distinction in American society to have stepped outside this childish quarrel between Scientology and society and to have acknowledged both his indebtedness to Hubbard and his emphatic differences with him.
The only real revolution is in the enlightenment of the mind and the improvement of character, the only real emancipation is individual, and the only real revolutionaries are philosophers and saints.
Human progress having reached a high level through respect for the liberty and dignity of men, it has become desirable to re-affirm these evident truths:
I have tried to be impartial, though I know that a man's past always colors his views, and that nothing else is so irritating as impartiality.
Power dements even more than it corrupts, lowering the guard of foresight and raising the haste of action.
It is the great glory of the quest for human knowledge that, while making some small contribution to that quest, we can also continue to learn and to take pleasure in learning.
Even a liar can be scared into telling the truth, same as an honest man can be tortured into telling a lie.
Between grief and nothing I will take grief.
A gentleman can live through anything.
When people act like niggers, no matter who they are the only thing to do is treat them like a nigger.
Maybe the only thing worse than having to give gratitude constantly is having to accept it.
I'm to involved in making plans for my soul.
I can only help myself.
Memories fade into dust.
Ready or not, I'm not what you wanted, I'm what you got.
I won't measure love from the tears that drip from your face.
I suppose I should hope that it turns out fine.
I can't wait for you.
To this day I still regret how I made you go away.
I was lost and out of touch, with the way you made me feel.
You are everything I've waited for.
A lifetime here with you will seem to short.
I hope that I can be what you deserve.
I hope the days get longer and make this love grow stronger.
You're the bad one from the day you were born.
You can run, I dont think that you can hide.
Just another taste of pleasure.
Waiting on another chance to make it right.
She waits until her brokenness can brake her.
I'm a slave to my indifference.
Our country is the world — our countrymen are all mankind.
Let Southern oppressors tremble — let their secret abettors tremble — let their Northern apologists tremble — let all the enemies of the persecuted blacks tremble.
With reasonable men, I will reason; with humane men I will plead; but to tyrants I will give no quarter, nor waste arguments where they will certainly be lost.
Since the creation of the world there has been no tyrant like Intemperance, and no slaves so cruelly treated as his.
We may be personally defeated, but our principles never.
Wherever there is a human being, I see God-given rights inherent in that being, whatever may be the sex or complexion.
You cannot possibly have a broader basis for any government than that which includes all the people, with all their rights in their hands, and with an equal power to maintain their rights.
That which is not just is not law.
Follow the money.
I am not Deep Throat, and the only thing I can say is that I wouldn't be ashamed to be, because I think whoever [it was] helped the country, no question about it.
I'm the guy they used to call "Deep Throat".
I guess people used to think Deep Throat was a criminal, but now they think he's a hero.
Everybody is to know that he is a goddamn traitor and just watch him damned carefully.
This disclosure is a godsend to the mainstream media— just when the Dan Rather and Newsweek scandals are building momentum against anonymous sources, along comes the shining knight of anonymity— "Deep Throat" to the rescue.
What would you think the odds were that this town could keep that secret for this long?
If there is such a thing as kharma, if there is such a thing as justice in this life of the next, Mark Felt has bought himself the worst future of any man on this earth.
Recent news coverage:
"Husbands are like fires - they go out when unattended."
"I never hated a man enough to give him diamonds back."
Feed the soul, starve the ego.
A mightier love for the Son of God, to overpower and subdue and lead captive these wayward and truant affections of the natural heart — this is what is needed.
Sorrow is only one of the lower notes in the oratorio of our blessedness.
But how do we know when irrational exuberance has unduly escalated asset values, which then become subject to unexpected and prolonged contractions as they have in Japan over the past decade?
Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the confiscation of wealth.
I guess I should warn you, if I turn out to be particularly clear, you've probably misunderstood what I said.
History has not dealt kindly with the aftermath of protracted periods of low risk premiums.
American consumers might benefit if lenders provided greater mortgage product alternatives to the traditional fixed-rate mortgage.
While local economies may experience significant price imbalances, a national severe price distortion seems most unlikely in the United States, given its size and diversity.
Without calling the overall national issue a bubble, it's pretty clear that it's an unsustainable underlying pattern.
A decline in the national housing price level would need to be substantial to trigger a significant rise in foreclosures, because the vast majority of homeowners have built up substantial equity in their homes despite large mortgage-market financed withdrawals of home equity in recent years.
[There are] signs of froth in some local markets where home prices seem to have risen to unsustainable levels.
I really didn't get it until very late in 2005 and 2006.
We had a bubble in housing.
Cash is available and we should use that in larger amounts, as is necessary, to solve the problems of the stress of this.
Modern dynamic economies do not stay still long enough to allow for an accurate reading of their underlying structures.
We generally did not talk about the stock market very much at the Fed.
I came to a stark realization: chronic surpluses could be almost as destabilizing as chronic deficits.
When trust is lost, a nations ability to transact business is palpably undermined.
From the development of the textile loom two centuries ago to today's Internet, output per hour has increased fifty fold.
I know you believe you understand what you think I said, but I am not sure you realise that what you heard is not what I meant.
If you want a simple model for predicting the unemployment rate in the United States over the next few years, here it is: It will be what Greenspan wants it to be, plus or minus a random error reflecting the fact that he is not quite God.
Greenspan doesn't get out of bed before examining the political consequences.
[He is] one of the biggest political hacks we have in Washington.
I consider myself a casualty, one of the many casualties of the war on terror.
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
For my own part, I sincerely esteem it a system which without the finger of God, never could have been suggested and agreed upon by such a diversity of interests.
Here, sir, the people govern; here they act by their immediate representatives.
If the end be clearly comprehended within any of the specified powers, and if the measure have an obvious relation to that end, and is not forbidden by any particular provision of the Constitution, it may safely be deemed to come within the compass of the national authority.
The passions of a revolution are apt to hurry even good men into excesses.
I have thought it my duty to exhibit things as they are, not as they ought to be.
Men are rather reasoning than reasonable animals, for the most part governed by the impulse of passion.
I have resolved, if our interview is conducted in the usual manner, and it pleases God to give me the opportunity, to reserve and throw away my first fire, and I have thoughts even of reserving my second fire.
It has been frequently remarked that it seems to have been reserved to the people of this country, by their conduct and example, to decide the important question, whether societies of men are really capable or not of establishing good government from reflection and choice, or whether they are forever destined to depend for their political constitutions on accident and force.
The militia is a voluntary force not associated or under the control of the States except when called out; a permanent or long standing force would be entirely different in make-up and call.
In the usual progress of things, the necessities of a nation in every stage of its existence will be found at least equal to its resources.
Let us recollect that peace or war will not always be left to our option; that however moderate or unambitious we may be, we cannot count upon the moderation, or hope to extinguish the ambition of others.
When occasions present themselves, in which the interests of the people are at variance with their inclinations, it is the duty of the persons whom they have appointed to be the guardians of those interests, to withstand the temporary delusion, in order to give them time and opportunity for more cool and sedate reflection.
The Courts must declare the sense of the law; and if they should be disposed to exercise will instead of judgement; the consequences would be the substitution of their pleasure for that of the legislative body.
The history of human conduct does not warrant that exalted opinion of human virtue which would make it wise in a nation to commit interests of so delicate and momentous a kind as those which concern its intercourse with the rest of the world to the sole disposal of a magistrate, created and circumstanced, as would be a President of the United States.
The system, though it may not be perfect in every part, is, upon the whole, a good one; is the best that the present views and circumstances of the country will permit; and is such an one as promises every species of security which a reasonable people can desire.
This I can venture to advance from a thorough knowledge of him, that there are few men to be found, of his age, who has a more general knowledge than he possesses, and none whose Soul is more firmly engaged in the cause, or who exceeds him in probity and Sterling virtue.
He stands at the front rank of a generation never surpassed in history, but whose countrymen seem to have never duly recognized his splendid gifts.
When America ceases to remember his greatness, America will no longer be great.
Jefferson was not entirely wrong to fear Hamilton's vision for the country, for we have always been in a constant balancing act between self-interest and community, market and democracy, the concentration of wealth and power and the opening up of opportunity.
If Jefferson provided the essential poetry of American political discourse, Hamilton established the prose of American statecraft.
Television has done much for psychiatry by spreading information about it, as well as contributing to the need for it.
One of television’s great contributions is that it brought murder back into the home, where it belongs.
Dialogue should simply be a sound among other sounds, just something that comes out of the mouths of people whose eyes tell the story in visual terms.
Puns are the highest form of literature.
Give them pleasure — the same pleasure they have when they wake up from a nightmare.
Self-plagiarism is style.
[This award is] meaningful because it comes from my fellow dealers in celluloid.
I’m not against the police; I’m just afraid of them.
In the documentary the basic material has been created by God, whereas in the fiction film the director is a God; he must create life.
Hitch is a gentleman farmer who raises goose flesh.
The man with the navy-blue voice.
This has often been misquoted as a claim by Gore that he had "invented the Internet."
The day I made that statement, I was tired because I had been up all night inventing the Camcorder.
It was clear to me that men and women were equal — if not more so.
Variant: When my sister and I were growing up, there was never any doubt in our minds that men and women were equal, if not more so.
I have ridden the mighty moon-worm!
Please don't recount this vote.
I believe it is appropriate to have an over-representation of factual presentations on how dangerous it is, as a predicate for opening up the audience to listen to what the solutions are, and how hopeful it is that we are going to solve this crisis.
The interior of the earth is extremely hot - several million degrees.
Parson Al winning the Nobel Peace Prize was as predictable as his Oscar for Best Documentary, and represents the final debasement of a once-prestigious award.
But for the media to name their coverage of the 2003 invasion of Iraq the same as what the Pentagon calls it—everyday seeing 'Operation Iraqi Freedom'—you have to ask: 'If this were state controlled media, how would it be any different?'
Bad companies are destroyed by crisis, Good companies survive them, Great companies are improved by them
The drumbeat of the electrical transportation is accelerating like nothing I've ever seen in my life.
My entire film career's been dependent on my ability to look unattractive.
As human voice and instrument blend in one harmony, as human soul and body blend in each act of feeling, thought, or speech, so, as far as we can know, divinity and humanity act together in the thought and heart and act of the one Christ.
Movement is the translation of life, and if art depicts life, movement should come into art, since we are only aware of living because it moves.
Even the most conservative must realize that the recent transformation of surplus from an individual to a national disaster implies a scathing indictment of our capitalist system as it has now developed.
Whether we like it or not, government intervention in the face of surplus is here to stay.
It is a fact worth pondering that four centuries ago the evil of "an abundance or surplus" arose from its being kept off the market, while today the evil of surplus lies in its being thrown upon the market.
The Reservoir system will function not only as an equalizer of business conditions, but also as a national store to meet further emergencies, such as war and drought, and-most important of all-as the concrete means of developing a steadily higher living standard for all.
Why should the cotton growers suffer if there is shortage of wheat?
Price statistics show clearly that instability in raw-material prices is a prime cause of instability of other prices.
The existence of such a war chest might go far to strengthen our prestige and frighten off any would be assailant.
Both a priori reasoning and experience teach us that as as these funds grow larger the geometrical rate of growth by compound interest ultimately defeats itself.
The money cost of the reservoir plan literally fades into insignificance when it is compared with the financial burden which the great depression imposed on the nation.
The utility, or intrinsic value of gold as a commodity is now considerably less than in the past; its monetary status has become extraordinarily ambiguous; and sits future is highly uncertain.
THERE is widespread agreement among economists that abuse of credit constitutes one of the chief unwholesome elements in business booms and is mainly responsible for the ensuing crash and depression.
The volume of credit depends upon three factors: the desire to borrow, the ability to lend and the desire to lend.
There is something paradoxical in the fact that by establishing an export market we subject our entire domestic production to the vagaries of that market.
It must be fundamentally wrong to reduce production of food and fiber while one-third of our population is still ill fed and ill clothed.
The Reservoir plan is and engineering mechanism applied to the field of economics, and in its essence it has nothing to do with democracy or any other political philosophy.
The people of the United States will not tolerate another deep depression that arises not from any lack of natural resources, productive capacity or man and brain power, but solely from imperfections in the functioning of the system of finance capitalism.
The world has net learned the technique of balanced expansion without the resultant commercial and financial congestion.
Cartels have spread and will spread as long as the world lacks an effective mechanism by which balanced expansion may be achieved without a resulting disruption of prices.
The modern world is not geared properly to the storage of goods.
The story of Joseph in Egypt and of the seven fat and the seven lean years has passed into the homely wisdom of the ages; but our economic thinking seems to have lost contact with so simple and basic approach to prudent management of a nations welfare.
Many progressive economists insist that gold is now in essentially the same position as silver and that the arguments the simon-pure gold advocates use against the white metal can be directed with equal effect against their own fetish.
It is a misfortune of the times that all of us must needs be amateur economists-including, and perhaps especially, the professionals.
Unusually rapid growth cannot keep up forever; when a company has already registered a brilliant expansion, its very increase in size makes a repetition of its achievement more difficult.
Wall Street has a few prudent principles; the trouble is that they are always forgotten when they are most needed.
Do not let anyone else run your business,
If one man has a dollar he didn't work for, some other man worked for a dollar he didn't get.
The bandage will remain on the eyes of Justice as long as the Capitalist has the cut, shuffle, and deal.
Eight hours of work, eight hours of play, eight hours of sleep - eight hours a day! (From the Haymarket era eight hour campaign)
The mine owners "did not find the gold, they did not mine the gold, they did not mill the gold, but by some weird alchemy all the gold belonged to them!"
All governments are lying cocksuckers.
The idea of getting a, you know, syringe full of heroin and shooting it in the vein under my cock right now seems like almost a productive act.
Marilyn Monroe looks her best when she is sitting on the Superstar's chest.
Buddy Holly and the Crickets had the most influence on the Beatles.
Physics is a wrong tool to describe living systems.
Some of America is going to love him, and some of America is going to hate him.
In fact, a sense of essence is, in essence, the essence of sense, in effect.
The "Strange Loop" phenomenon occurs whenever, by moving upwards (or downwards) through levels of some hierarchial system, we unexpectedly find ourselves right back where we started.
The proverbial German phenomenon of the verb-at-the-end about which droll tales of absentminded professors who would begin a sentence, ramble on for an entire lecture, and then finish up by rattling off a string of verbs by which their audience, for whom the stack had long since lost its coherence, would be totally nonplussed, are told, is an excellent example of linguistic recursion.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
Below Every Tangled Hierarchy Lies An Inviolate Level
Why not look at this guy sitting right next to me.
Mind and spirit together make up that which separates us from the rest of the animal world, that which enables a man to know the truth, and that which enables him to die for the truth.
Great literature, past or present, is the expression of great knowledge of the human heart; great art is the expression of a solution of the conflict between the demands of the world without and that within.
All things are at odds when God lets a thinker loose on this planet.
Theories that go counter to the facts of human nature are foredoomed.
Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be.
Someone has said that it requires less mental effort to condemn than to think.
It was the craving to be a one and only people which impelled the ancient Hebrews to invent a one and only God whose one and only people they were to be.
If anybody asks me what I have accomplished, I will say all I have accomplished is that I have written a few good sentences.
Faith in a holy cause is to a considerable extent a substitute for the lost faith in ourselves.
The less justified a man is in claiming excellence for his own self, the more ready he is to claim all excellence for his nation, his religion, his race or his holy cause.
Failure in the management of practical affairs seems to be a qualification for success in the management of public affairs.
The opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a god or not.
Mass movements can rise and spread without belief in a God, but never without belief in a devil.
Self-righteousness is a loud din raised to drown the voice of guilt within us.
Every extreme attitude is a flight from the self.
When people are free to do as we please, they usually imitate each other.
Whenever we proclaim the uniqueness of a religion, a truth, a leader, a nation, a race, a part or a holy cause, we are also proclaiming our own uniqueness.
The weakness of a soul is proportionate to the number of truths that must be kept from it.
We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
When we believe ourselves in possession of the only truth, we are likely to be indifferent to common everyday truths.
To become different from what we are, we must have some awareness of what we are.
No one is truly literate who cannot read his own heart.
To know a person's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance.
Add a few drops of venom to a half truth and you have an absolute truth.
To spell out the obvious is often to call it in question.
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
Take away hatred from some people, and you have men without faith.
Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength.
If in order to keep the wheels turning you have to deafen ears with propaganda, crack the whip of Terror, and keep pushing people around, then you haven't got a machine civilization no matter how numerous and ingenious your machines.
When cowardice becomes a fashion its adherents are without number, and it masquerades as forbearance, reasonableness and whatnot.
It is the malady of our age that the young are so busy teaching us that they have no time left to learn.
It is a talent of the weak to persuade themselves that they suffer for something when they suffer from something; that they are showing the way when they are running away; that they see the light when they feel the heat; that they are chosen when they are shunned.
What monstrosities would walk the streets were some people's faces as unfinished as their minds.
The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings.
Our greatest weariness comes from work not done.
A war is not won if the defeated enemy has not been turned into a friend.
We are ready to die for an opinion but not for a fact: indeed, it is by our readiness to die that we try to prove the factualness of our opinion.
Some people have no original ideas because they do not think well enough of themselves to consider their ideas worth noticing and developing.
Letting y'all regulate yourselves is like delivering lettuce by way of a rabbit.
But what have you done in this world?
I did not have political relations with that man, Ken Lay.
Society is organized on the principle that any individual who possesses certain social characteristics has a moral right to expect that others will value and treat him in an appropriate way.
So I ask that these papers be taken for what they merely are: exercises, trials, tryouts, a means of displaying possibilities, not establishing fact.
Approved attributes and their relation to face make every man his own jailer; this is a fundamental social constraint even though each man may like his cell.
Strong men are made by opposition; like kites they go up against the wind.
Happiness is not essential to the artist; happiness never creates anything but memories.
Christ goes deeper than I do, but I have had a wider experience.
I am, really, a great writer; my only difficulty is in finding great readers.
The European boys have small ideas but they sure know how to dress 'em up.
I frequently hear music in the heart of noise.
My people are American, my time is today…music must repeat the thought and aspirations of the times.
Jazz I regard as an American folk music; not the only one, but a very powerful one which is probably in the blood and feeling of the American people more than any other style of folk music.
An entire composition written in jazz could not live.
I like to think of music as an emotional science.
Gershwin's tragedy was not that he failed to cross the tracks, but rather that he did, and once there in his new habitat, was deprived of the chance to plunge his roots firmly into the new soil.
George died on July 11, 1937, but I don't have to believe that if I don't want to.
Is there anybody here but me who needs to know?
"Both social and biosocial factors are necessary to interpret crosscultural studies, with the general proviso that one's research interest determines which elements, in what combinations, are significant for the provision of understanding."
Pop Art is not painting because painting must have content and emotion.
Her art was marked by a willingness to employ a variety of styles in a modernist idiom, to go back and forth from art-historical references to pop-culture references to autobiographical material.
If you can't love two people at once, there's something wrong with you.
The masses of our countrymen, North and South, are eager to clasp hands across the bloody chasm which has so long divided them.
The Republic needed to be passed through chastening, purifying fires of adversity and suffering: so these came and did their work and the verdure of a new national life springs greenly, luxuriantly, from their ashes.
There aren't half enough of them going there as it is.
A widow of doubtful age will marry almost any sort of a white man.
If Uncle Sam should ever sell that tract for one cent per acre, he will swindle the purchaser outrageously.
Go west, young man, and grow up with the country.
Progress' constant companion is nostalgia for the way things used to be.
I don't care what denomination you belong to, as long as you're embarrassed by it.
If you think you're tougher than we are, we're going to run a play called 32 Cut, and I don't care if we gain a yard, we're going to knock somebody down.
There's nothing in the middle of the road but a yellow stripe and dead armadillos.
The water won't clear up until we get the hogs out of the creek.
Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.
Castles made of sand, fall in the sea, eventually
Brer Fox, he lay low.
Ez soshubble ez a baskit er kittens.
Lazy fokes's stummucks don't git tired.
Jay-bird don't rob his own nes'.
Licker talks mighty loud w'en it gits loose from de jug.
Hungry rooster don't cackle w'en he fine a wum.
Youk'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
Intemperance weaves the winding-sheet of souls.
If the Bible is God's word, and we believe it, let us handle it with reverence.
A man's enemies have no power to harm him, if he is true to himself and loyal to God.
The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it.
How many of you have broken no laws this month?
If you're watching everybody, you're watching nobody.
The Venn Diagram of guys who don't like smart girls and guys you don't want to date is a circle.
There is no them, there are only facets of us.
At some point, you just pull off the Band-Aid and it hurts, but then it's over and you're relieved.
You can say a lot of things about Alabama, but you can't say that Alabamans as a people are unduly afraid of deep fryers.
I may die young, but at least I'll die smart.
"How do you get out of the labyrinth of suffering?"
"Luck is for suckers."
Denial was a weapon; it killed truth, numbed the mind, and I was a junkie.
Dealing with a government with whom mendacity is a science is an extremely difficult matter.
Generally speaking, I think it is fair to say that I am a friend to the creatures of the earth when I am not busy eating them or wearing them.
The silhouette was named for Etienne de Silhouette, the notoriously stingy finance minister for Louis XV, who ironically was himself incapable of casting a shadow, due to lycanthropy.
There had been hoboes in the United States since there had been trains and liquor, which is to say, always.
You can't fight a war on terror if you're ending a sentence with a preposition.
If you make the smokestacks out of children, who will you force to clean them?
And parents, some old fashioned kitchen wisdom for dealing with those lice: take your child and cover his hair with mayonnaise and shove him outside because he disgraced your house by bringing lice into it.
What better emblem for our nation, after all, than a level playing field, shaped like an octagon, where people of diverse cultural ass-kicking traditions can meet as equals and immediately start kicking ass.
So long as you refuse to ever acknowledge failure, success becomes eternal, a downward curve, always approaching failure, but never quite reaching it.
For the first time in history, well-educated, affluent, white males are going to have their say.
The Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment stands, in my opinion, on its own bottom.
Life without labor is crime, and labor without art is brutality.
Why is it fair game to question conservatives' love or loyalty to children or to their fellow man, but beyond the pale to question liberals' love of country?
Making meaningful distinctions is not hypocrisy, it's called "thinking."
The end result of experiencing terror and injury is not an increase in compassion, but a tendency toward callousness.
One of the principal objects of research in my department of knowledge is to find the point of view from which the subject appears in the greatest simplicity.
The most rabidly religious people are the most rabidly evil.
Capital markets reward you for what you learn that other people have yet to ascertain.
Risk is what you make of it.
The ability to create same day straight through processing of mutual fund trades is a matter of will.
Let's go.
The investment banks should either choose to be regulated as banks or should arrange to conduct their affairs to not require the stop-gap support of the Federal Reserve.
Any one may so arrange his affairs that his taxes shall be as low as possible; he is not bound to choose that pattern which will best pay the Treasury; there is not even a patriotic duty to increase one's taxes.
What to an outsider will be no more than the vigorous presentation of a conviction, to an employee may be the manifestation of a determination which it is not safe to thwart.
If the prosecution of crime is to be conducted with so little regard for that protection which centuries of English law have given to the individual, we are indeed at the dawn of a new era; and much that we have deemed vital to our liberties, is a delusion.
Life is not a thing of knowing only — nay, mere knowledge has properly no place at all save as it becomes the handmaiden of feeling and emotion.
It is of course true that any kind of judicial legislation is objectionable on the score of the limited interests which a Court can represent, yet there are wrongs which in fact legislatures cannot be brought to take an interest in, at least not until the Courts have acted.
A wise man once said, "Convention is like the shell to the chick, a protection till he is strong enough to break it through."
Our dangers, as it seems to me, are not from the outrageous but from the conforming; not from those who rarely and under the lurid glare of obloquy upset our moral complaisance, or shock us with unaccustomed conduct, but from those, the mass of us, who take their virtues and their tastes, like their shirts and their furniture, from the limited patterns which the market offers.
No doubt one may quote history to support any cause, as the devil quotes scripture; but modern history is not a very satisfactory side-arm in political polemics; it grows less and less so.
The condition of our survival in any but the meagerest existence is our willingness to accommodate ourselves to the conflicting interests of others, to learn to live in a social world.
Life is made up of a series of judgments on insufficient data, and if we waited to run down all our doubts, it would flow past us.
Right knows no boundaries and justice no frontiers; the brotherhood of man is not a domestic institution.
Justice, I think, is the tolerable accomodation of the conflicting interests of society, and I don't believe there is any royal road to attain such accomodations concretely.
If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: Thou shalt not ration justice.
Life is made up of constant calls to action, and we seldom have time for more than hastily contrived answers.
Heretics have been hated from the beginning of recorded time; they have been ostracized, exiled, tortured, maimed, and butchered; but it has generally proved impossible to smother them; and when it has not, the society that has succeeded has always declined.
It is still in the lap of the gods whether a society can succeed which is based on "civil liberties and human rights" conceived as I have tried to describe them; but of one thing at least we may be sure: the alternatives that have so far appeared have been immeasurably worse.
We may win when we lose, if we have done what we can; for by so doing we have made real at least some part of that finished product in whose fabrication we are most concerned: ourselves.
A self-made man may prefer a self-made name.
For myself it would be most irksome to be ruled by a bevy of Platonic Guardians, even if I knew how to choose them, which I assuredly do not.
In the end it is worse to suppress dissent than to run the risk of heresy.
The public needs the equivalent of Chevrolets as well as Cadillacs.
This is the most miserable of cases, but we must dispose of it as though it had been presented by actual lawyers.
There is nothing sinister in so arranging one's affairs as to keep taxes as low as possible.
Cynicism is an unpleasant way of saying the truth.
For every man who lives without freedom, the rest of us must face the guilt.
Lonely people, in talking to each other can make each other lonelier.
A man should be jailed for telling lies to the young.
Nothing, of course, begins at the time you think it did.
People do what you inspect, not what you expect.
If you're going to wear three hats, you'd better grow two more heads.
The only way to maintain a moderate sum of happiness in this life, is not to worry about the future or regret the past too much.
What are you looking at sugartits?
'Mel Gibson, an Australian fascist and ham actor'
Life is lived in common, but not in community.
If there is technological advance without social advance, there is, almost automatically, an increase in human misery, in impoverishment.
Logic is a carpet laid over an abyss.
If you become a teacher, by your pupils you'll be taught.
I hand him a lyric and get out of his way.
He's a meticulously hard worker and yet he'll roam the grass of his farm for hours and sometimes for days before he can bring himself to put a word on paper.
It is possible that the distinction between moral relativism and moral absolutism has sometimes been blurred because an excessively consistent practice of either leads to the same practical result — ruthlessness in political life.
One of the primary tests of the mood of a society at any given time is whether its comfortable people tend to identify, psychologically, with the power and achievements of the very successful or with the needs and sufferings of the underprivileged.
Over time, Hofstadter came to identify himself primarily as Jewish.
You've got to stop this war in Afghanistan.
How can I possibly put a new idea into your heads, if I do not first remove your delusions?
You have attributed conditions to villainy that simply result from stupidity.
An armed society is a polite society.
The door dilated.
Every law that was ever written opened up a new way to graft.
Never worry about theory as long as the machinery does what it's supposed to do.
Man is not a rational animal, he is a rationalizing animal.
Reason is poor propaganda when opposed by the yammering, unceasing lies of shrewd and evil and self-serving men.
The capacity of the human mind for swallowing nonsense and spewing it forth in violent and repressive action has never yet been plumbed.
How you behave toward cats here below determines your status in Heaven.
If you would know a man, observe how he treats a cat.
Nobody ever wins a lawsuit but the lawyers.
Cats have no sense of humor, they have terribly inflated egos, and they are very touchy.
My old man claimed that the more complicated the law the more opportunity for scoundrels.
Paymasters come in only two sizes: one sort shows you where the book says that you can’t have what you've got coming to you; the second sort digs through the book until he finds a paragraph that lets you have what you need even if you don’t rate it.
An invention is something that was “impossible” up to then—that’s why governments grant patents.
I counted to ten slowly, using binary notation.
Life is short, but the years are long.
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
TANSTAAFL.
A generation which ignores history has no past&#160;— and no future.
Geniuses and supergeniuses always make their own rules on sex as on everything else; they do not accept the monkey customs of their lessers.
When in danger or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
I usually read the obituaries first as there is always the happy chance that one of them will make my day.
Premenstrual Syndrome: Just before their periods women behave the way men do all the time.
How can you argue with a woman who won't?
There's no safer investment in the world than in the United States.
Countless generations of students and general readers have been intrigued by this deeply human book, which half reveals and half conceals the fascinating yet enigmatic personality of its author.
it will never be outmoded as long as the systole and diastole of human life survives, and men fluctuate between progress and reaction, growth and decline, hope and illusion.
It is human love, not that of a god, which is glorified in the Song, and that with a wealth of detail, which rules out an allegorical interpretation.
Those humble but indomitable workers, to whom later generations referred by the collective name of Baale Masorah, Masters of Tradition, performed in obscurity their Herculean task of guarding the Biblical Text against loss or variation.
I see a tremendous amount of intricacy in the world and we have probably only begun to scratch at the surface of its intricacy.
It doesn’t say anywhere in the Constitution this idea of the separation of church and state.
America is the single greatest nation that God ever gave man on this earth.
God bless all the precious little examples and all their cascading implications; without these gems, these tiny acorns bearing the blueprints of oak trees, essayists would be out of business.
If there is any consistent enemy of science, it is not religion, but irrationalism.
The world, unfortunately, rarely matches our hopes and consistently refuses to behave in a reasonable manner.
Zoocentrism is the primary fallacy of human sociobiology, for this view of human behavior rests on the argument that if the actions of "lower" animals with simple nervous systems arise as genetic products of natural selection, then human behavior should have a similar basis.
I have often been amused by our vulgar tendency to take complex issues, with solutions at neither extreme of a continuum of possibilities, and break them into dichotomies, assigning one group to one pole and the other to an opposite end, with no acknowledgment of subtleties and intermediate positions—and nearly always with moral opprobrium attached to opponents.
The theory of punctuated equilibrium, proposed by Niles Eldredge and myself, is not, as so often misunderstood, a radical claim for truly sudden change, but a recognition that ordinary processes of speciation, properly conceived as glacially slow by the standard of our own life-span, do not resolve into geological time as long sequences of insensibly graded intermediates (the traditional, or gradualistic, view), but as geologically “sudden” origins at single bedding planes.
I picture several reviewers of my own books as passing a long future lodged between Brutus and Judas in the jaws of Satan.
Most books, after all, are ephemeral; their specifics, several years later, inspire about as much interest as daily battle reports from the Hundred Years' War.
I am glad that the life of pandas is so dull by human standards, for our efforts at conservation have little moral value if we preserve creatures only as human ornaments; I shall be impressed when we show solicitude for warty toads and slithering worms.
Creative work, in geology and anywhere else, is interaction and synthesis: half-baked ideas from a barroom, rocks in the field, chains of thought from lonely walks, numbers squeezed from rocks in a laboratory, numbers from a calculator riveted to a desk, fancy equipment usually malfunctioning on expensive ships, cheap equipment in the human cranium, arguments before a roadcut.
As a word, ecology has been so debased by recent political usage that many people employ it to identify anything good that happens far from cities and without human interference.
[C]ontingency is a thing unto itself, not the titration of determinism by randomness.
An old paleontological in joke proclaims that mammalian evolution is a tale told by teeth mating to produce slightly altered descendant teeth.
The true beauty of nature is her amplitude; she exists neither for nor because of us, and possesses a staying power that all our nuclear arsenals cannot threaten (much as we can easily destroy our puny selves).
Guessing right for the wrong reason does not merit scientific immortality.
Details are all that matters: God dwells there, and you never get to see Him if you don't struggle to get them right.
Great theories are expansive; failures mire us in dogmatism and tunnel vision.
The real tragedy of human existence is not that we are nasty by nature, but that a cruel structural asymmetry grants to rare events of meanness such power to shape our history.
Evolution is an obstacle course not a freeway; the correct analogue for long-term success is a distant punt receiver evading legions of would-be tacklers in an oddly zigzagged path toward a goal, not a horse thundering down the flat.
I love to read the dedications of old books written in monarchies—for they invariably honor some (usually insignificant) knight or duke with fulsome words of sycophantic insincerity, praising him as the light of the universe (in hopes, no doubt, for a few ducats to support future work); this old practice makes me feel like such an honest and upright man, by comparison, when I put a positive spin, perhaps ever so slightly exaggerated, on a grant proposal.
I like to summarize what I regard as the pedestal-smashing messages of Darwin's revolution in the following statement, which might be chanted several times a day, like a Hare Krishna mantra, to encourage penetration into the soul: Humans are not the end result of predictable evolutionary progress, but rather a fortuitous cosmic afterthought, a tiny little twig on the enormously arborescent bush of life, which, if replanted from seed, would almost surely not grow this twig again, or perhaps any twig with any property that we would care to call consciousness.
Nature is objective, and nature is knowable, but we can only view her through a glass darkly—and many clouds upon our vision are of our own making: social and cultural biases, psychological preferences, and mental limitations (in universal modes of thought, not just individualized stupidity).
We build our personalities laboriously and through many years, and we cannot order fundamental changes just because we might value their utility; no button reading “positive attitude” protrudes from our hearts, and no finger can coerce positivity into immediate action by a single and painless pressing.
Phony psychics like Uri Geller have had particular success in bamboozling scientists with ordinary stage magic, because only scientists are arrogant enough to think that they always observe with rigorous and objective scrutiny, and therefore could never be so fooled—while ordinary mortals know perfectly well that good performers can always find a way to trick people.
I would rather label the whole enterprise of setting a biological value upon groups for what it is: irrelevant, intellectually unsound, and highly injurious.
The invalid assumption that correlation implies cause is probably among the two or three most serious and common errors of human reasoning.
When puzzled, it never hurts to read the primary documents—a rather simple and self-evident principle that has, nonetheless, completely disappeared from large sectors of the American experience.
No one should feel at all offended or threatened by the obvious fact that we are not all born entirely blank, or entirely the same, in our mixture of the broad behavioral propensities defining what we call “temperament.”
[In natural history,] great discovery often requires a map to a hidden mine filled with gems then easily gathered by conventional tools, not a shiny new space-age machine for penetrating previously inaccessible worlds.
No more harmful nonsense exists than [the] common supposition that deepest insight into great questions about the meaning of life or the structure of reality emerges most readily when a free, undisciplined, and uncluttered (read, rather, ignorant and uneducated) mind soars above mere earthly knowledge and concern.
Substantial changes, introduced during the last half of the 20th century, have built a structure so expanded beyond the original Darwinian core, and so enlarged by new principles of macroevolutionary explanation, that the full exposition, while remaining within the domain of Darwinian logic, must be construed as basically different from the canonical theory of natural selection, rather than simply extended.
Ordinary speciation remains fully adequate to explain the causes and phenomenology of punctuation.
[T]he effects of general change [in literature] are most tellingly recorded not in alteration of the best products, but in the transformation of the most ordinary workaday books; for when potboilers adopt the new style, then the revolution is complete.
I can't say much about Gould’s strengths as a scientist, but for a long time I've regarded him as the second most influential historian of science (next to Thomas Kuhn).
a masterpiece of deception
How can one trust a person so prejudiced as to neglect overwhelming evidence?
Nothing is as easy to make as a promise this winter to do something next summer; this is how commencement speakers are caught.
The public examination of homosexuality in our contemporary life is still so coated with distasteful moral connotations that even a reviewer is bound to wonder uneasily why he was selected to evaluate a book on the subject, and to assert defensively at the outset that he is happily married, the father of four children and the one-time adornment of his college boxing, track and tennis teams.
The beauty of “spacing” children many years apart lies in the fact that parents have time to learn the mistakes that were made with the older ones — which permits them to make exactly the opposite mistakes with the younger ones.
Every morning I take out my bankbook, stare at it, shudder — and turn quickly to my typewriter.
The difference between faith and superstition is that the first uses reason to go as far as it can, and then makes the jump; the second shuns reason entirely — which is why superstition is not the ally, but the enemy, of true religion.
The difference between patriotism and nationalism is that the patriot is proud of his country for what it does, and the nationalist is proud of his country no matter what it does; the first attitude creates a feeling of responsibility, but the second a feeling of blind arrogance that leads to war.
A cynic is not merely one who reads bitter lessons from the past; he is one who is prematurely disappointed in the future.
We have not passed that subtle line between childhood and adulthood until we move from the passive voice to the active voice — that is, until we have stopped saying “It got lost,” and say, “I lost it.”
People who think they’re generous to a fault usually think that’s their only fault.
“If by some magic, autism had been eradicated from the face of the earth, then men would still be socializing in front of a wood fire at the entrance to a cave.”
Celebrating faith over reason is merely a way of denying what is, in favor of embracing any whim that strikes your fancy.
We do have something of a story here, a true story (epic of evolution), that we can work with religiously should we elect to do so.
The unique function of the nurse is to assist the individual, sick or well, in the performance of those activities contributing to health or its recovery (or to peaceful death) that he would perform unaided if he had the necessary strength, will or knowledge.
If my serenade of song and story should serve as a pillow for some composer's head, as yet perhaps unborn, to dream and build on our fond melodies in his tomorrow, I have not labored in vain.
The dominant mood of contemporary American culture is the self-celebration of the peasantry.
Ultimately it is the yearning to believe that anyone can be brought up to college level that has brought colleges down to everyone's level.
No longer a mark of distinction or proof of achievement, a college education is these days a mere rite of passage, a capstone to adolescent party time.
In my mind, partial failure is always better than delusory success.
Where a generation ago people felt entitled to a chance at education, they now feel entitled to the credential affirming that they have completed a course of study regardless of their actual mastery.
Only the man who has enough good in him to feel the justice of the penalty can be punished; the others can only be hurt.
Principle I&#160;: Legal rights are presumptive rights.
Principle II&#160;: The presumptions of the law are creative presumptions&#160;: they are aimed at conditions to be brought about, and only for that reason ignore conditions which exist.
Principle III&#160;: Presumptive rights are the conditions under which individual powers normally develop.
Nothing is more evident, I venture to think, as a result of two or three thousand years of social philosophizing, than that society must live and thrive by way of the native impulses of individual human beings.
In a land of quince jelly, apple butter, apricot jam, blueberry preserves, pear conserves, and lemon marmalade, you always get grape jelly.
Other than to amuse himself, why should a man pretend to know where he's going or understand what he sees?
They are detached from the language and inflated like little balloons.
Follow the yellow brick road.
The Lord made Adam, the Lord made Eve, he made ‘em both a little bit naive.
When I'm not near the girl I love, I love the girl I'm near.
Christianity claims that the supernatural is as reasonable as the natural, that man himself is supernatural as truly as he is natural, and that the Bible is so clearly the word of God by proofs that are unanswerable, that it is unreasonable to disbelieve its divine truths.
Parents, I urge you to make the Bible the sweetest, the dearest book to your children; not by compelling them to read so many chapters each day, which will have the effect of making them hate the Bible, but by reading its pages with them, and by your tender parental love, so showing them the beauty of its wondrous incidents, from the story of Adam and Eve to the story of Bethlehem and Calvary, that no book in the home will be so dear to your children as the Bible; and thus you will be strengthening their minds with the sublimest truths, storing their hearts with the purest love, and sinking deep in their souls solid principles of righteousness, whose divine stones no waves of temptation can ever move.
The whole history of Israel, its ritual and its government, is explicable only as it is typical of the spiritual Israel, of the sacrifice on Calvary, of the precious blood which alone can wash away sin.
Now it is the blood of Jesus which saves, and it is the same blood which cleanses and sanctifies; and as we had to come lo Jesus to be plunged into the fountain, so we have to abide in Jesus by fellowship, to grow up into Christlikeness.
I love to think of Him in the world of light to-day, my brother; mine though angels bow before Him, and archangels veil their faces; mine though I am very far from heaven's holiness and heaven's joy; yet He is my brother, and every beating of His heart is a brother's love for me, and though high and lifted up,H'sarm, a brother's, is around me, and will keep me and uphold me, until He gives me a brother's welcome to His and my home in the better land.
I know that with consecration on the part of believers, separation from the world, disentanglement from enslaving sins, and a mighty baptism of the Holy Spirit, the church would become a conquering power in the world, not by its constructed theology, not by its Sabbath services, not by its arguments to convince the intellect, but by its simple story of Jesus' love, by the CROSS, the CROSS — God's hammer, God's fire.
And this is the mission of the church — not civilization, but salvation — not better laws, purer legislation, social elevation, human equality, and liberty, but FIRST, the " kingdom of God and His righteousness;" regenerated hearts, and all other things will follow.
A love to Christ which is so cowardly and selfish that it is unwilling to proclaim by a public confession its faith in Him who hung before all the world crucified for sinners, is a love which is hardly worth the name.
This bread and wine are the simple but eloquent monument to the infinite love of the Son of God, around which we gather with tender, tearful gratitude, because He loved us'so, and because we know that our garlands of affection and consecration are pleasing to Him.
If you and I shall, like the believing shepherds, watch and long for His appearing, one day we, too, shall hear a music grander and sweeter even than the song of angels, when the great Composer shall transpose all the strains of earth from the minor into the major, when the wail of nature shall give way to the glad harmony of the everlasting jubilee.
The price of training is always a certain "trained incapacity": the more we know how to do something, the harder it is to learn to do it differently.
Experience is of particulars only.
The parties are advised to chill.
Just to prove that even the silliest idea can be pursued to its illogical conclusion, Legal Realism spawned Critical Legal Studies.
The word is not the thing.
There does not seem to be anything to do.
You can't teach colour from Cézanne, you can only teach it from something like this bubble-gum wrapper.
The line between art and life should be kept as fluid, and perhaps indistinct, as possible.
A walk down 14th street is more amazing than any masterpiece of art.
You can't ever forget how precarious and humbling running money really is.
You invest in companies with great long-term prospects.
It was what I didn't know about that always seemed more interesting.
High elasticity means that unit output goes up more than prices went down, so you get a growth business.
Cheap power helped create a new market that didn't exist previously.
"but then I remembered how crass it is to talk money or stocks with university types."
The economic game is not supposed to be rigged like some shady ring toss on a carnival midway.
Our current obsession with creativity is the result of our continued striving for immortality in an era when most people no longer believe in an afterlife.
When your house is burning down, you don't worry about the remodeling.
As we search as a nation for constructive ways to challenge racism and white supremacy, it is absolutely essential that progressive female voices gain a hearing.
To counter the fixation on a rhetoric of victimhood, black folks must engage in a discourse of self-determination.
…Another in a series where postmodern white culture looks at itself somewhat critically, revising here and there, then falling in love with itself all over again.
Let him leave his home town and try to invade the United States and beat Bernard Hopkins, a great champion, a legend.
I am an old man, I just happen to be an old man that can fight.
I feel in an executioner mood, I am going to punish him and punish him slowly.
We of the night will know many things of which you sleepers will never dream.
Standardization leads to rigidity, and rigidity causes things to break.
It's not a serious document.
[the war in Iraq] "could have terrifically good effects troughout the Middle East"
[removing Saddam] "would start a chain reaction in the Arab world that would be very healthy"
Very few wars in American history were prepared better or more throughly than this one by this president.
Don't take any shit from anybody!
This song is completely, historically, totally inaccurate.
To succeed, we have to be the party of change, we have to root out corruption in our own ranks and we have to be the party of solutions.
Whether you voted for him or not, whether you supported the new leaders of Congress or not, they're our president, they're our Congress, they need our prayers, they need our support.
When the Republican Party is no longer the party of fiscal conservatism then clearly I would argue that we've lost our way.
Thanks to our brave allies: you gallant Russian bear, you British everywhere.
I was on the way to my hotel, and I passed a hotel going in the opposite direction.
In his prime, the young comic walked onto a stage with the confidence of a man who owned it, and by the time he walked off, he did.
You mean like Democrats?
The children should never be excluded from what I am doing and should never have the feeling of being part of an audience.
One of the big secrets of finding time is not to watch television.
Children don't drop out of high school when they are 16, they do so in the first grade and wait 10 years to make it official.
I think that if rape is inevitable, relax and enjoy it.
When my time on earth is done and my activities here are past, I want them to bury me upside down, so my critics can kiss my ass.
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements.
Do what you think is interesting, do something that you think is fun and worthwhile, because otherwise you won't do it well anyway.
You have to maintain some sort of critical approach.
Common sense and carefulness and so forth does give me some qualifications.
And I don't want to go into this because its something that technically is better to - that the public should not be aware of.
You can make it out of Unobtainium!
Did you get the leash on him yet, Einstein?
A fanatic is a nut who has something to believe in.
Your sense of responsibility to others can never be excessive.
The sane understand that human beings are incapable of sustaining conspiracies on a grand scale, because some of our most defining qualities as a species are inattention to detail, a tendency to panic, and an inability to keep our mouths shut.
He considered himself to be a thoroughly useless man, taking up space in a world to which he contributed nothing — but he did have a talent for baking… The gas oven might blow up in his face, at last bringing him peace, but if it didn't, he would at least have cookies for Agnes.
Blizzards, floods, volcanos, hurricanes, earthquakes: They fascinate because they nakedly reveal that Mother Nature, afflicted with bipolar disorder, is as likely to snuff us as she is to succor us.
For most of her existence, Molly had not shied from a truth that most people understood but diligently suppressed: that every moment of every day, depending on the faith we embrace, each of us continues to live either by the merciful sufferance of God or at the whim of blind chance and indifferent nature.
My name is Odd Thomas, though in this age when fame is the altar at which most people worship, I am not sure why you should care who I am or that I exist.
Recognizing the structure of your psychology doesn't mean that you can easily rebuild it.
In a world that daily disconnects further from truth, more and more people accept the virtual in place of the real, and all things virtual are also malleable.
I quit work two weeks later--having sold another eighty of my hours--and knew I could never again work a regular job.
If we wish to stop the atrocities, we will need to understand and change the social and economic conditions that cause them.
If your community is founded on an injustice, that injustice cannot be questioned.
To believe Christianity stands in opposition to slavery is at best to think anachronistically and at worst to not understand Christianity.
If any thing can be predicated as universally true of uncultivated man, it is that he will not labour beyond what is absolutely necessary to maintain his existence.
I thought that, given the system of rewards central to our economic system, in which profit maximization is valued above all else and specifically above life, it is probably just as irresistible to the owners of capital (human or otherwise) to exploit workers (and the land): "Nothing personal," they say as they load their property onto the ship bound for the Middle Passage, "but a man's gotta turn a dime."
From the perspective of those who are entitled, the problems begin when those they despise do not go along with--and have the power and wherewithal to not go along with--the perceived entitlement.
Love does not imply pacifism.
From the beginning, this culture - civilization - has been a culture of occupation.
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
The important thing, once you have enough to eat and a nice house, is what you can do for others, what you can contribute to the enterprise as a whole.
The whole thing that makes a mathematician’s life worthwhile is that he gets the grudging admiration of three or four colleagues.
I can’t go to a restaurant and order food because I keep looking at the fonts on the menu.
By understanding a machine-oriented language, the programmer will tend to use a much more efficient method; it is much closer to reality.
An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
The sun comes up just about as often as it goes down, in the long run, but this doesn't make its motion random.
Any inaccuracies in this index may be explained by the fact that it has been sorted with the help of a computer.
Science is knowledge which we understand so well that we can teach it to a computer; and if we don't fully understand something, it is an art to deal with it.
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming.
Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
For his major contributions to the analysis of algorithms and the design of programming languages, and in particular for his contributions to the "art of computer programming" through his well-known books in a continuous series by this title.
Life's too short to drink bad wine or smoke poor cigars.
Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.
Science is the one human activity that is totally progressive.
I chucked the law for astronomy, and I knew that even if I were second-rate or third-rate, it was astronomy that mattered.
My politics would be, must be, have to be, completely separate from my judgment," Kagan said on the second day of her confirmation hearing.
Its fine if the law bans books because government won't really enforce it.
Television is a medium, so called because it is neither rare nor well-done.
Nothing in Moderation.
Failure is not an option.
I think managers have realized that most software people are slightly brain damaged, that they're off on their own planets.
I will not quit until I am a five-times world champion.
During the feminist seventies men were caught between a rock and a hard-on; in the fathering eighties they are caught between good hugs and bad hugs.
Writers who have nothing to say always strain for metaphors to say it in.
The joker in the deck of lesbian fidelity is female vanity: no woman of fifty is going to undress in front of a woman of twenty no matter how much she might lust for her.
Every time I fire a linguist, the performance of our speech recognition system goes up.
He was not a pioneer of speech recognition, he was the pioneer of speech recognition.
A political society does not live to conduct foreign policy; it would be more correct to say that it conducts foreign policy in order to live.
A guest of one's time and not a member of its household.
The best thing we can do if we want the Russians to let us be Americans is to let the Russians be Russian.
Not only the studying and writing of history but also the honoring of it both represent affirmations of a certain defiant faith — a desperate, unreasoning faith, if you will — but faith nevertheless in the endurance of this threatened world — faith in the total essentiality of historical continuity.
Fig leaves of democratic procedure to hide the nakedness of Stalinist dictatorship.
The best an American can look forward to is the lonely pleasure of one who stands at long last on a chilly and inhospitable mountaintop where few have been before, where few can follow and where few will consent to believe he has been.
There will be no room, here, for the smug myopia which views American civilization as the final solution to all world problems; which recommends our institutions for universal adoption and turns away with contempt from the serious study of the institutions of peoples whose civilizations may seem to us to be materially less advanced.
Heroism is endurance for one moment more.
A good sonnet appears to be a confession-in a word either patently artificial,and then it is bad ,or good,then it sounds like autobiography.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
The bulk of the world’s knowledge is an imaginary construction.
We differ, blind and seeing, one from another, not in our senses, but in the use we make of them, in the imagination and courage with which we seek wisdom beyond the senses.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Tyranny cannot defeat the power of ideas.
The Bible gives me a deep, comforting sense that "things seen are temporal and things unseen are eternal."
If it is true that the violin is the most perfect of musical instruments, then Greek is the violin of human thought.
I feel that in this child I have seen more of the Divine than has been manifest in anyone I ever met before.
The greatest woman of our age.
I have been a great admirer of you always.
Whatever you were or are, you're a blessing!
The most wonderful being in America,
"These differences can make it difficult for female musicians to enter male-dominated musical cultures."
Don't do the right thing looking for a reward, because it might not come.
These people were looking at me for help and there was no way I could turn my back on them
Hope is the feeling you have that the feeling you have isn't permanent.
[Whoever did this] must be exterminated, and they must be exterminated by us.
Banks are an almost irresistible attraction for that element of our society which seeks unearned money.
It’s probably better to have him inside the tent pissing out, than outside the tent pissing in.
I know that when I do get pregnant, I won't step one foot in the adult industry again.
To this day, I can't watch my own sex scenes.
The young preacher once threw his Bible to the floor and yelled at his associates, "Too many people are looking at this instead of looking at me!"
There were a lot of people who didn't think we'd get to this milestone.
I'm not seen as classy enough to host the Oscars.
There's something comforting and pleasurable about watching people win money.
I don't believe that lack of intelligence and appreciation for lowbrow comedy go hand-in-hand necessarily.
We use puppets because they can get away with more.
We're going to fight for Joe, my friends, we are going to fight for him.
The true test of intelligence is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do
The anxiety children feel at constantly being tested, their fear of failure, punishment, and disgrace, severely reduces their ability both to perceive and to remember, and drives them away from the material being studied into strategies for fooling teachers into thinking they know what they really don't know.
No one is more truly helpless, more completely a victim, than he who can neither choose nor change nor escape his protectors.
I lost part of myself to him then, and a soaring sense of freedom revealed that this must have been my purpose from the first: to become a part of Phineas.
Stranded in this mill town railroad yard while the whole world was converging elsewhere, we seemed to be nothing but children playing among heroic men.
It seemed clear that wars were not made by generations and their special stupidities, but that wars were made instead by something ignorant in the human heart.
The heart of change is in the emotions.
Motivation is not a thinking word; it’s a feeling word.
No vision issue today is bigger than the question of efficiency versus some combination of innovation and customer service.
Never underestimate the power of a good story.
Great vision communication usually means heartfelt messages are coming from real human beings.
Never underestimate the power of the mind to disempower.
One of the most powerful forms of information is feedback on our own actions.
Valued achievements connect to people at a deeper level—and a deeper level can change behavior that is generally very difficult to change.
We keep a change in place by helping to create a new, supportive, and sufficiently strong organizational culture.
In a change effort, culture comes last, not first.
A culture truly changes only when a new way of operating has been shown to succeed over some minimum period of time.
We see, we feel, we change.
None of Nature's landscapes are ugly so long as they are wild.
When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the Universe.
Variant: Tug on anything at all and you'll find it connected to everything else in the universe.
Another glorious day, the air as delicious to the lungs as nectar to the tongue.
This time it is real - all must die, and where could mountaineer find a more glorious death.
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul alike.
When we contemplate the whole globe as one great dewdrop, striped and dotted with continents and islands, flying through space with other stars all singing and shining together as one, the whole universe appears as an infinite storm of beauty.
There is not a fragment in all nature, for every relative fragment of one thing is a full harmonious unit in itself.
It's good to be back in Alabama.
I think every gentleman on this floor is as well satisfied as I am that Duluth is destined to become the commercial metropolis of the universe, and that this road should be built at once.
I've always felt that complement of opposites: body and soul, solitude and companionship, and in the dance studio, contraction and release, rise and fall.
People come to see beauty, and I dance to give it to them.
Many libraries are digging in their heels and saying, "We are not going to add filtering mechanisms."
We know that there are children out there whose parents do not take the kind of interest in their upbringing and in their existence that we would wish, but I don't think censorship is ever the solution to any problem, be it societal or be it the kind of information or ideas that you have access to.
Material that might be illegal is such a minuscule part of what is available that we have to remember — and I mean not only librarians but everybody has to remember not to let it overshadow the incredible wealth of information that is available in this medium.
I have heard some horror stories.
Consciousness is a much smaller part of mental life than we are conscious of, since we cannot be conscious of what we aren’t conscious of.
These [internal body sensations] are then the supposed substantives inside the body that by literary metaphor, by being compared to containers and persons, accrue to themselves spatial and behavioral qualities which in later literature develop into the unified mind-space with its analog ‘I’ that we have come to call consciousness.
Poetry, from describing external events objectively, is becoming subjectified into a poetry of personal conscious expression.
The mind is still haunted with its old unconscious ways; it broods on lost authorities; and the yearning, the deep and hollowing yearning for divine volition and service is with us still.
Body and soul, Black America reveals the extreme questions of contemporary life, questions of freedom and identity: How can I be who I am?
Just because I don't do bad things doesn't mean I don't have bad thoughts.
Since I was a kid, I've been telling everyone about the rain forest and how it's being destroyed.
Once you have money, you can quite truthfully affirm that money isn't everything.
The trouble with our age is all signposts and no destination.
I always knew he was exceedingly anxious to hit big money — he used to say he thought the best way to do it would be to start a cult.
Whenever he was talking about being hard up he often used to say that he thought the easiest way to make money would be to start a religion.
Scientology is the only specific (cure) for radiation (atomic bomb) burns.
You are only three or four hours from taking your glasses off for keeps.
The one impulse in man which cannot be erased is his impulse toward freedom, his impulse toward sanity, toward higher levels of attainment in all of his endeavors.
There are conditions worse than being unable to see, and that is imagining one sees.
When we need somebody haunted we investigate … When we investigate we do so noisily always.
In all the broad Universe there is no other hope for Man than ourselves.
I'm drinking lots of rum and popping pinks and greys.
Certainty, not data, is knowledge.
I set out to try to help my fellow man and to do what little I could to make the world a better place.
Scientology is used to increase spiritual freedom, intelligence, ability and to produce immortality.
"Man," said Terl, "is an endangered species."
On the day when we can fully trust each other, there will be peace on Earth.
Arthritis vanishes, myopia gets better, heart illness decreases, asthma disappears, stomachs function properly and the whole catalogue of illnesses goes away and stays away.
Dianetics is not in any way covered by legislation anywhere, for no law can prevent one man sitting down and telling another man his troubles, and if anyone wants a monopoly on dianetics, be assured that he wants it for reasons which have to do not with dianetics but with profit.
The sudden and abrupt deletion of all individuals occupying the lower bands of the Tone Scale from the social order would result in an almost instant rise in the cultural tone and would interrupt the dwindling spiral into which any society may have entered.
The alleviation of the condition of insanity has also been accomplished now…
If attacked on some vulnerable point by anyone or anything or any organization, always find or manufacture enough threat against them to cause them to sue for peace.
We're playing for blood, the stake is EARTH.
A political system seeking to function amongst ignorant, illiterate and barbaric people could have marvelous principles but could only succeed in being ignorant, illiterate and barbaric unless one addressed the people one by one and cured the ignorance, illiteracy and barbarism of each citizen.
A truly Suppressive Person or group has no rights of any kind and actions taken against them are not punishable.
When you move off a point of power, pay all your obligations on the nail, empower all your friends completely and move off with your pockets full of artillery, potential blackmail on every erstwhile rival, unlimited funds in your private account and the addresses of experienced assassins and go live in Bulgravia and bribe the police.
"The greatest philosopher of the twentieth century."
It's too bad there isn't a 20th Century Charles Dickens to write about the terrible destruction of these 20th Century Fagins who make themselves rich while they destroy the psyche of so many.
The one sure mark of a con, though, is the promise of free money.
If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.
Lies run sprints but the truth runs marathons.
Mama se, Mama sa, Mama coo sa.
"Love lives forever."
I always looked up to him--and my dad--since I was a little boy.
Maybe now Michael, they will leave you alone.
I feel so thankful for him sharing his brilliance
Music will never be the same.
I just found him a very giving and loving person.
If it were not for Micheal Jackson I would not be where or who I am today.
A major strand of our cultural DNA has left us.
He was a massively talented boy man with a gentle soul.
Now the King of Pop must bow his knee to the King of Kings.
Most of us employ the Internet not to seek the best information, but rather to select information that confirms our prejudices.
It is electromagnetism (EM) in all its many forms that has been so basic, that haunts us and guides us.
Even after the only person whose opinion I cared about left on a boat for America, I continued to fill pages with her name.
When I got up again, I'd shed the only part of me that had ever thought I'd find words for even the smallest bit of life.
Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.
These things were lost to oblivion like so much about so many who are born and die without anyone ever taking the time to write it all down.
I was "colored" until I was 14, a Negro until I was 21 and a black man ever since.
An adult male human that attempts to mate frequently but spends most of its time alone.
An honest God is the noblest work of man.
While utterly discarding all creeds, and denying the truth of all religions, there is neither in my heart nor upon my lips a sneer for the hopeful, loving and tender souls who believe that from all this discord will result a perfect harmony; that every evil will in some mysterious way become a good, and that above and over all there is a being who, in some way, will reclaim and glorify every one of the children of men; but for those who heartlessly try to prove that salvation is almost impossible; that damnation is almost certain; that the highway of the universe leads to hell; who fill life with fear and death with horror; who curse the cradle and mock the tomb, it is impossible to entertain other than feelings of pity, contempt and scorn.
The rights of all are equal: justice, poised and balanced in eternal calm, will shake from the golden scales in which are weighed the acts of men, the very dust of prejudice and caste: No race, no color, no previous condition, can change the rights of men.
Who can over estimate the progress of the world if all the money wasted in superstition could be used to enlighten, elevate and civilize mankind?
I suppose it can be truthfully said that Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity.
The present is the necessary product of all the past, the necessary cause of all the future.
I belong to the Great Church which holds the world within its starlit aisles; that claims the great and good of every race and clime; that finds with joy the grain of gold in every creed, and floods with light and love the germs of good in every soul.
Celibacy is the essence of vulgarity.
In nature, there are neither rewards nor punishments—there are consequences.
The mere state of being without funds is a neutral fact — constitutionally an irrelevance, like race, creed, or color.
The price of freedom of religion or of speech or of the press is that we must put up with, and even pay for, a good deal of rubbish.
A confession is wholly and incontestably voluntary only if a guilty person gives himself up to the law and becomes his own accuser.
Under these circumstances, except for any personal humiliation involved in admitting that I do not always understand the opinions of this Court, I see no reason why I should be consciously wrong today because I was unconsciously wrong yesterday.
But we have grounds to assume also that the normal proportion of them are subject to that very human weakness, especially displayed in Washington, which leads men to "crook the pregnant hinges of the knee where thrift may follow fawning."
But when notice is a person's due, process which is a mere gesture is not 'due process.'
But we must not forget that in our country are evangelists and zealots of many different political, economic and religious persuasions whose fanatical conviction is that all thought is divinely classified into two kinds — that which is their own and that which is false and dangerous.
Our protection against all kinds of fanatics and extremists, none of whom can be trusted with unlimited power over others, lies not in their forbearance but in the limitations of our Constitution.
I am entitled to say of that opinion what any discriminating reader must think of it---that it was as foggy as the statute the Attorney General was asked to interpret.
The petitioner's problem is to avoid Scylla without being drawn into Charybdis.
Men are more often bribed by their loyalties and ambitions than by money.
We can afford no liberties with liberty itself.
It is possible to hold a faith with enough confidence to believe that what should be rendered to God does not need to be decided and collected by Caesar.
The day that this country ceases to be free for irreligion it will cease to be free for religion - except for the sect that can win political power.
No penance would ever expiate the sin against free government of holding that a President can escape control of executive powers by law through assuming his military role.
He who must search a haystack for a needle is likely to end up with the attitude that the needle is not worth the search.
We granted certiorari, and in this Court the parties changed positions as nimbly as if dancing a quadrille.
But the validity of a doctrine does not depend on whose ox it gores.
The duty to disclose knowledge of crime rests upon all citizens.
If there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion, or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein.
If we can cultivate in the world the idea that aggressive war-making is the way to the prisoner's dock rather than the way to honors, we will have accomplished something toward making the peace more secure.
If certain acts of violation of treaties are crimes, they are crimes whether the United States does them or whether Germany does them, and we are not prepared to lay down a rule of criminal conduct against others which we would not be willing to have invoked against us.
The office of the lawyer, however poorly filled, is too delicate, personal and confidential to be occupied by a corporation.
When the Court moved to Washington in 1800, it was provided with no books, which probably accounts for the high quality of early opinions.
For a century every contest with the Supreme Court has ended in evading the basic inconsistency between popular government and judicial supremacy.
There is no such thing as an achieved liberty; like electricity, there can be no substantial storage and it must be generated as it is enjoyed, or the lights go out.
Not every defeat of authority is a gain for individual freedom, nor every judicial rescue of a convict a victory for liberty.
He will live in the living law of the Constitution.
The theory community, myself included - became rather troubled about the particle.
Lord of the Morning, I have come for you!
For what else you have done, there can be no forgiveness, Betrayer, but for Ilyena's death I will destroy you beyond anything your master can repair.
In wars, boy, fools kill other fools for foolish causes.
Loial, didn't you say there was no wind in the Ways?
Till shade is gone, till water is gone, into the Shadow with teeth bared, screaming defiance with the last breath, to spit into Sightblinder's eye on the Last Day.
The best lie is often one too ridiculous to be taken for a lie.
The fact that the price must be paid is proof it is worth paying.
Death is lighter than a feather, duty heavier than a mountain.
Teach him how you will, a pig will never play the flute.
An Aes Sedai never lies, but the truth she speaks, may not be the truth you think you hear.
A thousand years of sheep!
In the Borderlands, sheepherder, if a man has the raising of a child, that child is his, and none can say different.
There is an old saying here in the Borderlands: "Better to have one woman on your side than ten men."
Always plan for the worst, that way all your surprises will be pleasant ones.
An Aes Sedai’s gift is bait for a fish.
A pig painted gold is still a pig.
I may be a fool, but I intend to be a live fool.
A man who will not die to save a woman is no man.
A shaping stone, to make us; a testing ground to prove our worth; and a punishment for the sin.
Jump in a hole without looking, and there’ll be a snake in it every time.
You break your neck, and I’ll see it mended just so I can break it again.
Should and would build no bridges.
A flapping tongue has killed more men than sudden storms ever did.
Most of those we call heroes only did what they had to do.
When there are fish heads and blood in the water, you don’t need to see the silverpike to know they are there.
Trust is as slippery as a basket of eels sometimes.
Once you decide to gut a fish, there’s no use waiting till it rots.
If a woman does need a hero, she needs him today, not tomorrow.
Better ten days of love than years of regretting.
To anger an Aes Sedai is to put your head in a hornets’ nest.
To lead is neither to push or pull.
It is better to be the hammer than the nail.
There's no time for winking at the men when you're busy bailing the boat.
Surprising what you can dig out of books if you read long enough, isn't it?
Are you so eager to destroy us?
You read too much and understand too little.
If I knew everything, Matrim, I would not need to ask questions.
The Wheel weaves as the Wheel wills, and we are only the thread of the Pattern.
On the heights, the paths are paved with daggers.
You could weave silk from pig bristles before you could make a man anything but a man.
A weeping woman is a bucket with no bottom.
It is better to guide people than try to hammer them into a line.
I do read sometimes.
Do not trouble trouble till trouble troubles you.
Humankind is made for uncertainty, struggle, choice and change.
If you plan for the worst, all surprises are pleasant.
Courage to strengthen, fire to blind, music to daze, iron to bind.
You were never meant for greatness, Asmodean, only to follow those who are great.
A flapping tongue can put you in the net instead of the fish."
I will run no more.
Fall in love with a man, and you end up doing laundry, even if it does belong to another man.
Sleep well and wake, Rand al'Thor.
It seems to me that kings — and queens — can be fools when they forget what they are and act like who they are, but they’re worse when they only remember what they are and forget who.
If you fell head first into a pigsty, you'd try to convince everybody you did it on purpose.
He strains to hear a whisper who refuses to hear a shout.
And as for words of wisdom, the first she had heard out of him had been a fervent promise never to throw a rock at anyone again, offered after she had paddled his young backside for it.
That was all he ever really wanted from women; a smile, a dance, a kiss, and to be remembered fondly.
The Creator made women to please the eye and trouble the mind.
Take what you want, and pay for it.
The more women there are about, the softer a wise man steps."
A man is a man, on a throne or in a pigsty.
A shoat squealing under a fence just attracts the fox, when it should be trying to run.
I have seen a tough man break when I sent for a basket of figs and some mice.
Not thinking about a thorn doesn’t make it hurt your foot less.
A fool puts her hand into a hollow tree without finding out what’s inside first.
If you don’t look for snakes, you cannot complain when one bites you.
A gnarled old branch dulls the blade that severs a sapling.
When the honey’s out of the comb, there’s no putting it back.
Better to face the bear than run from it.
A fool puts a burr under the saddle before she rides.
At my age, if I make it up, it’s still an old saying.
When a woman says she will obey you, of her own will, it is time to sleep lightly and watch your back.
All he wanted from life was some good wine, a game of dice, and a pretty girl or three
Better to try understanding the sun than a woman.
Even a queen stubs her toe, but a wise woman watches the path.
If you must mount the gallows, give a jest to the crowd, a coin to the hangman, and make the drop with a smile on your lips.
Never kiss a girl whose brothers have knife scars.
Never gamble without knowing a back way out.
I can rest when I’m dead.
Have you finished sharing your wisdom, Jasin Natael?
The louder a man tells you he’s honest, the harder you must hold onto your purse.
The fox often offers the duck its pond.
Waiting turns men into bears in a barn, and women into cats in a sack.
"Wish" and "want" trip the feet, but "is" makes the path smoother.
It was easier to trip a fool than to knock him down.
I’m a gambler, a farmboy, and I’m here to take command of your bloody army!
If you are not mine, then you are dead.
There’s no point letting honey age too long before you eat it.
It’s too late to change your mind after you’ve jumped off the cliff.
I have made up my mind, young Tallanvor, and I do not expect you to question me when I have done so.
You will do well.
An Aiel, Hal, can hide in a fold in the ground you wouldn’t even stumble over.
A slow horse does not always reach the end of the journey.
The best way to apologize to a man is to trip him in a secluded part of the garden.
Clutch the bramble and you will be pricked.
Do you have any idea how long it takes to dig graves for twenty-three oak trees?
Men believe the worst easily, and women believe it hides something still darker.
A woman’s eyes cut deeper than a knife.
Dance with her, and she will forgive much; dance well, and she will forgive anything.
Dance well with a woman, and she’s halfway yours.
No man should have another man's voice in his head.
An arrow may not be a shocklance, yet it can still kill you.
What can’t be changed must be endured.
The pike does not ask the frog’s permission before dining.
What is too absurd to believe is believed because it is too absurd to be a lie.
If I could find a way to escape my destiny, do I deserve to?
We hear less, Davram Bashere, but perhaps sometimes we see more.
A man must know when to retreat from a woman, but a wise man knows that sometimes he must stand and face her.
First things first; take care of what can be done now before worrying too long over what might never be.
A man without trust might as well be dead.
The best way to avoid trouble is to make sure no one wants to trouble you.
You must surrender before you can guide.
If wishes were wings, pigs would fly.
What you need isn’t always what you want.
A man's dreams are a maze even he cannot know.
The Wheel of Time and the wheel of a man's life turn alike without pity or mercy.
The yellowfly is almost too small to see, but if you leave its egg in your skin, you will lose an arm or leg before it hatches - if it does not kill you.
If it hurts too much, make it hurt someone else instead.
When a young woman's cheeks redden for no apparent reason, there is usually a man involved.
You do talk nonsense sometimes.
You put your cat in your hat and stuff it down your breeches, Rand al’Thor.
Women do not become exhausted, they only exhaust others.
Let the dead rest, and care for the living.
Young men can be impetuous, young men can be rush, young men can be fools, but the Car'a'carn cannot let himself be a young man.
By the look of you, Nynaeve, I could almost think you were angry, but I know you have such a sweet disposition people ask you to dabble your fingers in their tea.
Caution once forgotten could be forgotten once too often.
If you try putting a woman on a horse when she does not want to go, she may put a knife in your ribs.
We are always more afraid than we wish to be, but we can always be braver than we expect.
There are things worth fighting for.
You cannot tell a man he has the power to make the earth shake, then expect him to walk small.
If you pursue two hares, both will escape you.
Cheer the bull, or cheer the bear; cheer both, and you will be trampled and eaten.
An Aes Sedai is ten women in one skin.
The only man completely at peace is a man without a navel.
Asha'man, kill!
Kneel and swear to the Lord Dragon, or you will be knelt.
You always had to pay the butcher.
If you don't know everything, you must go on with what you do know.
Only a fool thinks his enemies stand still when he isn't looking, my Lord Dragon.
Whatever can be done, can be undone.
A jealous wife is like a hornets’ nest in your mattress
What woman could I hate enough to marry her to the Dragon Reborn?
The weak must be bold cautiously.
Wounds to the pride are remembered long after wounds to the flesh.
It is the enemy you underestimate who kills you.
I killed the whole world, and you can too, if you try hard.
Any day you wake up, maybe you die.
If a woman does need a hero, she needs him today, not tomorrow.
Sometimes, pain is all that lets you know you're alive.
A man should never give promises in bed.
A beautiful battle is one you don't have to fight.
The boy was dead eager, which could soon lead to plain dead.
To fight the raven you may make alliance with the serpent until the battle is done.
Sometimes, a wife must do what her husband cannot.
And you did it. A lot
Well, tie a kerchief on my face and call me Aiel.
I doubt you can understand the magnitude of the stupidity in your statement.
The more tragic things get, the more I feel like laughing.
Light, it's been too long.
I thought you saidar-ed it.
When you don't have a hammer, you don't want anything to look like a nail.
Life is a game, where either you lose or you learn.
Self-study, in a sense of learning by yourself without anybody teaching you anything, has an enormous value.
It made me feel like I was back in slavery days.
You know, before when (the police went) to work, they used to be like, 'I'm gonna kick somebody's ass today and so I hope I can catch somebody in a bad situation or breaking the law, because I'm gonna beat someone's ass in a big way, I think that attitude has changed.
Scientists need to exchange ideas in an informal place.
Everything looks like a failure in the middle.
Powerlessness corrupts: absolute powerlessness corrupts absolutely.
Maintaining the illusion that I am in control is futile, lonely, and in the long run more always costly than the effort is worth.
We need to go back to the discovery, to posing a question, to having a hypothesis and having kids know that they can discover the answers and can peal away a layer.
No human eye can isolate the unhappy coincidence of line and place which suggests evil in the face of a house, and yet somehow a maniac juxtaposition, a badly turned angle, some chance meeting of roof and sky, turned Hill House into a place of despair, more frightening because the face of Hill House seemed awake, with a watchfulness from the blank windows and a touch of glee in the eyebrow of a cornice.
Certainly there are spots which inevitably attach to themselves an atmosphere of holiness and goodness; it might not then be too fanciful to say that some houses are born bad.
I decided to pick out the greatest hitter to watch and study, and Jackson was good enough for me.
If you build it, he will come.
I work until beer o'clock.
French is the language that turns dirt into romance.
The devil's voice is sweet to hear.
The world has teeth and it can bite you with them any time it wants.
Born in Lust, Turn to Dust. Born in Sin, Come on In
It takes a son of a bitch to change a habit.
Afterward Larry felt as if he had been through a long pillow-fight in which all the pillows had been treated with a low-grade poison gas.
Did you know that Dairy Queen ice cream is mostly bubbles?
M-O-O-N, that spells ILLEGAL!
There are a great many ways to commit suicide you know.
Either get busy living or get busy dying
Remember, Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.
If being a kid is about learning how to live, then being a grown-up is about learning how to die.
A secret needs two faces to bounce between; a secret needs to see itself in another pair of eyes.
Death is a mystery, and burial is a secret.
Maybe I did it because kids need to know that sometimes dead is better.
Some things it don't pay to be curious about.
Love is like dying.
The smoking butt end of the year, November's dark iron has come to Tarker's Mills.
Once you get into cosmological shit like this, you got to throw away the instruction manual.
We all float down here!
What Darwin was too polite to say, my friends, is that we came to rule the Earth not because we were the smartest, or even the meanest, but because we have always been the craziest, most murderous motherfuckers in the jungle.
America's two great specialties are demagogues and rock and roll, and we've all heard plenty of both in our time.
It's rare that you see an artist in his 30s or 40s able to really contribute something amazing.
It is hard to think that a $2 billion company with 4,300-plus people couldn't compete with six people in blue jeans.
Real artists ship
If, for some reason, we make some big mistake and IBM wins, my personal feeling is that we are going to enter a computer Dark Ages for about twenty years.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want a chance to change the world?
It's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy.
It'll make your jaw drop.
If I knew in 1986 how much it was going to cost to keep Pixar going, I doubt if I would have bought the company.
I was worth about over a million dollars when I was twenty-three and over ten million dollars when I was twenty-four, and over a hundred million dollars when I was twenty-five and it wasn't that important because I never did it for the money.
We have always been shameless about stealing great ideas.
Apple has some tremendous assets, but I believe without some attention, the company could, could, could — I'm searching for the right word — could, could die.
iMac is next year's computer for $1,299, not last year's computer for $999.
I think Pixar has the opportunity to be the next Disney — not replace Disney — but be the next Disney.
We made the buttons on the screen look so good you'll want to lick them.
You've baked a really lovely cake, but then you've used dog shit for frosting.
There are sneakers that cost more than an iPod.
We think basically you watch television to turn your brain off, and you work on your computer when you want to turn your brain on.
I've always wanted to own and control the primary technology in everything we do.
Mac OS X Tiger will come out long before Longhorn.
Pixar is the most technically advanced creative company; Apple is the most creatively advanced technical company.
They are shamelessly copying us.
Because I'm the CEO, and I think it can be done.
Everyone wants a MacBook Pro because they are so bitchin'.
Our friends up north spend over five billion dollars on research and development and all they seem to do is copy Google and Apple.
It's like giving a glass of ice water to somebody in hell!
We also know first hand that Flash is the number one reason Macs crash.
Yes, it's true.
My girlfriend always laughs during sex — no matter what she's reading.
Good artists copy; great artists steal.
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated (At the Apple Music Event 9th September 2008)
The time for war has not yet come, but it will come, and that soon; and when it does come, my advice is to draw the sword and throw away the scabbard.
Then, Sir, we will give them the bayonet!
The only true rule for cavalry is to follow the enemy as long as he retreats.
Who could not conquer with such troops as these?
Let us cross over the river, and rest under the shade of the trees.
I like liquor — its taste and its effects — and that is just the reason why I never drink it.
I am more afraid of King Alcohol than of all the bullets of the enemy.
Through the broad extent of country over which you have marched by your respect for the rights and property of citizens, you have shown that you were soldiers not only to defend but able and willing to defend and protect.
Once you get them running, you stay right on top of them, and that way a small force can defeat a large one every time.
My duty is to obey orders.
Duty is ours; consequences are God's.
Be content and resigned to God's will.
Rally around the Virginians, there stands Jackson like a stone wall.
Jackson fought for the constitutional rights of the South, and any one who imagines he fought for slavery knows nothing of Jackson.
My brother need not be idealized or enlarged in death beyond what he was in life, to be remembered as a good and decent man, who saw wrong and tried to right it, saw suffering and tried to heal it, saw war and tried to stop it.
I hope for an America where neither "fundamentalist" nor "humanist" will be a dirty word, but a fair description of the different ways in which people of good will look at life and into their own souls.
If we set the precedent of limiting the First Amendment, in order to protect the sensibilities of those who are offended by flag burning, what will we say the next time someone is offended by some other minority view, or by some other person's exercise of the freedom the Constitution is supposed to protect?
But don't you realize, that's where I sail.
What we have in the United States is not so much a health-care system as a disease-care system.
Mr President, one does not need help going down, only going up.
He was, this smoldering, passionate young pianist, generous, lovable, deeply gentle of heart.
GENTLEMEN: Before the Senate adjourns, I desire to return my thanks for the very kind and complimentary resolution unanimously passed on Saturday last, and to assure the Senate that so long as I shall have the honor of continuing Presiding Officer, my highest ambition will be to retain the personal regard and confidence of my colleagues. In pursuance of the resolution adopted on Saturday last, I now declare the Senate adjourned sine die
Gods always behave like the people who make them.
Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board.
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail.
Education is learning to grow, learning what to grow toward, learning what is good and bad, learning what is desirable and undesirable, learning what to choose and what not to choose.
I have a very young brother and sister, and if you can get a kid singing the words to a song after they heard it for the first time, it's a hit."
George Bush is just as much in the dark as I am, and it scares me.
He looks as though he's been weaned on a pickle.
The little man on the wedding cake.
If you can't say something good about someone, sit right here by me.
I've always believed in the adage that the secret of eternal youth is arrested development.
I valued my independence from an early age and was always something of a individualist … Well, a show-off anyway.
Facts are more mundane than fantasies, but a better basis for conclusions.
Ludwig’s penetrating observations, though presented in a lighthearted and entertaining way, offer important insight into why humans have engaged in war throughout recorded history as well as suggesting how they might live together in peace.
This is an excellent research report that should, once and for all, resolve senseless controversies about the correlation of creativity with psychopathology.
An excellent little book — highly informative, full of challenging and stimulating ideas, and teeming with shrewd clinical insights.
An arresting book that casts political science out the window and explains leadership through comparisons with chimpanzees, baboons and gorillas.
Without heroes, we're all plain people, and don't know how far we can go.
Levin wanted friendship and got friendliness; he wanted steak and they offered spam.
If you ever forget you are a Jew a goy will remind you.
There comes a time in a man's life when to get where he has to – if there are no doors or windows – he walks through a wall.
Life is a tragedy full of joy.
Whether the color of your skin is black, white, yellow, brown or purple -- the extent of this tragedy is so incredibly devastating that we had to do something.
I'm going to give you a nice, romantic kiss on the lips.
When my body gets so overexerted with energy, I just keep going and going.
Let's make a law that gay people can have birthdays, but straight people get more cake — you know, to send the right message to kids.
In America, if a Democrat even thinks you’re calling him liberal he grabs an orange vest and a rifle and heads into the woods to kill something.
This is a struggle for the soul of the Democratic Party, which in too many cases has become so corporate and identified with corporate interests that you can't tell the difference between Democrats and Republicans.
The scriptures bid us to send forth our light and our truth and when children carry within their hearts the torch of hope, they learn the darkness yields not only to man-made fire, but to starlight, to the rising sun, and to the light of the soul.
I am running for President of the United States to enable the goddess of peace to encircle within her reach all the children of this country and all the children of the world.
America stands strongest in challenging terrorism when we do not give up an inch of our civil liberties.
You're looking at a guy who believes he can beat a rigged game.
I hold in my heart that rebellious spirit of youth that demands change.
Hate came in a maelstrom, and we called it several things—racism, pedophilia, justice, righteousness—but all those words were just ribbons and wrapping paper on a soiled gift that no one wanted to open.
Avant-garde art has become habitual, a dead letter with little spiritual consequence, however materially refined.
When asked if we have enough time to prevent catastrophe, she'd always say that we have exactly enough time — starting now.
i have noticed that when chickens quit quarreling over their food they often find that there is enough for all of them i wonder if it might not be the same with the human race
A demagogue is a person with whom we disagree as to which gang should mismanage the country.
We live in a world changing so rapidly that what we mean frequently by common sense is doing the thing that would have been right last year.
Now, partly that was work, and partly that was brains, but very largely it was having the guts, the guts to be immodest in the right way.
One of the best ways to keep a great secret is to shout it.
In a few wretched buildings, we created a whole new industry with international significance.
My whole life has been spent trying to teach people that intense concentration for hour after hour can bring out in people resources they didn't know they had.
Din never had an ordinary reaction to anything!
In real life, as well as in experiments, people can come to believe things that never really happened.
The results were clear: the new environment inhibited recognition.
To be cautious, one should not take high confidence as any absolute guarantee of anything.
The problem is clear: the unreliability of eyewitness identification evidence poses one of the most serious problems in the administration of criminal justice and civil litigation.
If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it.
I leave out the parts that people skip.
Variant: Try to leave out the part that readers tend to skip.
If you seek just a little truth, as most, you should not ignore abstract forms, the basis from which all short-lived experiences we call reality springs.
While traveling our separated roads through life, we are also either road signs or potholes on the roads of others.
The bird of truth would not be able to fly if it weren't for the air of lies we breathe.
Can someone eat the fruit that comes from the tree of action that grows from the seeds of your mind?
Lorsque l'art d'écrire obsède mon esprit et ronge insidieusement mes forces, je laisse errer mon regard sur un dessein d"Eugene Martin, je me repaîs de ses couleurs sereines et puise des certitudes dans ses lumières si denses.
Every object in the Universe with a temperature above absolute zero radiates in the infrared, so this part of the spectrum contains a great deal of information.
Any child who cannot do long division by himself does not deserve to smoke.
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.
Bread that must be sliced with an ax is bread that is too nourishing.
Women who insist on having the same options as men would do well to consider the option of being the strong, silent type.
Having been unpopular in high school is not just cause for book publication.
If your sexual fantasies were truly of interest to others, they would no longer be fantasies.
Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born to people you could not have possibly met.
Ask your child what he wants for dinner only if he's buying.
No animal should ever jump up on the dining room furniture unless absolutely certain that he can hold his own in the conversation.
Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear the phone is for you.
I abominate any organization that denies cats are people!
It was always worth everything to get away by himself, climb a bit, and study the heavens.
There was always something new to be seen in the unchanging night sky.
Not for the first time Richard reflected that this age’s vaunted ‘communications industry’ had chiefly provided people and nations with the means of frightening to death and simultaneously boring to extinction themselves and each other.
There was an omnipresent sense of crisis.
The greater the variety of intelligent life Don saw, the more he became sensitive to its presence.
Paul stared out at the randomly scattered, lonely stars and wondered why he had always so easily accepted that they represented order.
Then time seemed to stop, or rather to lose its directional urgency of movement; it became a place in the open where one stood rather than a low, narrow corridor down which one was hurried.
Modern physics often advances only by sacrificing some of our traditional philosophical convictions.
There is a Passion natural to the Mind of man, especially a free Man, which renders him impatient of Restraint.
Our All is at Stake, and the little Conveniencys and Comforts of Life, when set in Competition with our Liberty, ought to be rejected not with Reluctance but with Pleasure.
We owe to our Mother-Country the Duty of Subjects but will not pay her the Submission of Slaves.
I determined to spend the Remainder of my Days in privacy and Retirement with my Children, from whose Society alone I cou'd expect Comfort.
I quitted my Seat in the House of Delegates, from a Conviction that I was no longer able to do any essential Service.
I have been for some time in Retirement, and shall not probably return again to public Life; yet my Anxiety for my Country, in these Times of Danger, makes me sometimes dabble a little in Politicks, and keep up a Correspondence with some Men upon the public Stage.
I am now pretty far advanced in life, and all my views are center'd in the Happiness and well-fare of my children; you will therefore find from me every Indulgence which you have a right to expect from an affectionate Parent.
I thank God, I have been able, by adopting Principles of strict Economy and Frugality, to keep my principal, I mean my Country-Estate, unimpaired.
Happiness and Prosperity are now within our Reach; but to attain and preserve them must depend upon our own Wisdom and Virtue.
I retired from public Business from a thorough Conviction that it was not in my Power to do any Good, and very much disgusted with Measures, which appeared to me inconsistent with common Policy and Justice.
I most sincerely console with you for the loss of your dear little girl, but it is our duty to submit with all the resignation human nature is capable of to the dispensation of Divine Providence which bestows upon us our blessings, and consequently has a right to take them away.
I begin to grow heartily tired of the etiquette and nonsense so fashionable in this city.
Attend with Diligence and strict Integrity to the Interest of your Correspondents and enter into no Engagements which you have not the almost certain Means of performing.
That the people have a Right to mass and to bear arms; that a well regulated militia composed of the Body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper natural and safe defense of a free state, that standing armies, in time of peace, are dangerous to liberty, and therefore ought to be avoided.
That all men are by nature equally free and independent, and have certain inherent rights, of which, when they enter into a state of society, they cannot by any compact deprive or divest their posterity; namely, the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the means of acquiring and possessing property, and pursuing and obtaining happiness and safety.
Government is, or ought to be instituted for the common benefit, protection, and security of the people, nation, or community; of all the various modes and forms of government, that is best which is capable of producing the greatest degree of happiness and safety, and is most effectually secured against the danger of maladministration.
Every selfish motive therefore, every family attachment, ought to recommend such a system of policy as would provide no less carefully for the rights and happiness of the lowest than of the highest orders of Citizens.
Slavery discourages arts and manufactures.
The poor despise labor when performed by slaves.
The augmentation of slaves weakens the states; and such a trade is diabolical in itself, and disgraceful to mankind.
As much as I value an union of all the states, I would not admit the southern states into the union, unless they agreed to the discontinuance of this disgraceful trade, because it would bring weakness and not strength to the union.
Of all the bright cruel lies they tell you, the cruelest is the one called love.
In real life, the hardest aspect of the battle between good and evil is determining which is which.
I was always intensely Romantic, even when I was too young to understand what that meant.
I've been killing characters my entire career, maybe I'm just a bloody minded bastard, I don't know, [but] when my characters are in danger, I want you to be afraid to turn the page (and to do that) you need to show right from the beginning that you're playing for keeps.
Believe me, no one wants to finish this book more than me.
A knight who remembered his vows.
Winter is coming.
The morning had dawned clear and cold, with a crispness that hinted at the end of summer.
A ruler who hides behind paid executioners soon forgets what death is.
Generations of capering fools in motley have won me the right to dress badly and say any damn thing that comes into my head.
The things I do for love.
Kings have no friends, only subjects and enemies.
"You know nothing, Jon Snow."
I fear what little law and order left to us by the five kings will not survive the three Queens.
Burning dead children had ceased to trouble Jon Snow; live ones were another matter.
A likely story — and probably true.
Although it is generally known, I think it's about time to announce that I was born at a very early age.
No one is completely unhappy at the failure of his best friend.
My experience is that people are most likely to listen to reason when in bed.
To write an autobiography of Groucho Marx would be as asinine as to read an autobiography of Groucho Marx.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana
I have everything I had twenty years ago, only it's all a little bit lower.
God is love, but get it in writing.
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing slowly … very slowly.
Liberating tolerance, then, would mean intolerance against movements from the Right, and toleration of movements from the Left.
There, but for the grace of God, goes God.
Sometimes I believe that this less material life is our truer life, and that our vain presence on the terraqueous globe is itself the secondary or merely virtual phenomenon.
It is only the inferior thinker who hastens to explain the singular and the complex by the primitive shortcut of supernaturalism.
But some of us awake in the night with strange phantasms of enchanted hills and gardens, of fountains that sing in the sun, of golden cliffs overhanging murmuring seas, of plains that stretch down to sleeping cities of bronze and stone, and of shadowy companies of heroes that ride caparisoned white horses along the edges of thick forests; and then we know that we have looked back through the ivory gates into that world of wonder which was ours before we were wise and unhappy.
There be those who say that things and places have souls, and there be those who say they have not; I dare not say, myself, but I will tell of The Street.
That is not death which can eternal lie, and with strange aeons even the death may die
Memories and possibilities are ever more hideous than realities.
Instead of the poems I had hoped for, there came only a shuddering blackness and ineffable loneliness; and I saw at last a fearful truth which no one had ever dared to breathe before — the unwhisperable secret of secrets — The fact that this city of stone and stridor is not a sentient perpetuation of Old New York as London is of Old London and Paris of Old Paris, but that it is in fact quite dead, its sprawling body imperfectly embalmed and infested with queer animate things which have nothing to do with it as it was in life.
The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.
Children will always be afraid of the dark, and men with minds sensitive to hereditary impulse will always tremble at the thought of the hidden and fathomless worlds of strange life which may pulsate in the gulfs beyond the stars, or press hideously upon our own globe in unholy dimensions which only the dead and the moonstruck can glimpse.
The only saving grace of the present is that it's too damned stupid to question the past very closely.
I am Providence.
Every man a king, but no one wears a crown.
For the present you can just call me the Kingfish.
We swapped the tyrant 3,000 miles away for a handful of financial slaveowning overlords who make the tyrant of Great Britain seem mild.
I wonder why he shot me.
Strictures, reproaches, and intemperate speeches from the Senator of Louisiana are really the wailings of an apostle of despair; he has lost control of himself, he is trying to play billiards with elliptical billiard balls and a spiral cue.
Long is Chastened by Ashurst Attack
To me, [it's] extremely interesting that men, perfectly honest, enthusiastic over their work, can so completely fool themselves.
He can run, but he can't hide.
Every time I hear the name Joe Louis my nose starts to bleed.
He hit me 18 times while I was in the act of falling.
He was a credit to his race – the human race…
(I define fear as) standing across the ring from Joe Louis and knowing he wants to go home early.
Joe Louis, to me, was the finest human being God put on this earth in every way.
There are too many ironies in the fire!
Granted, religion is wishful thinking, but there is no other kind of thinking.
One advantage of remorse is that it sets the stage for consolation.
We are getting to be of an age when it is difficult to grow new friends; we haven't the energy, the time to cultivate; each one gone is a permanent impoverishment.
When the state murders, it assumes an authority I refuse to concede: the authority of perfect knowledge in final things.
A bohemian imitates the manners of the class below him.
In our brave new world, blushing is a form of nostalgia.
Isn't it amazing the way the future succeeds in creating an appropriate past?
The organized workers of America, free in their industrial life, conscious partners in production, secure in their homes and enjoying a decent standard of living, will prove the finest bulwark against the intrusion of alien doctrines of government.
I have pleaded (labor's) case, not in the quavering tones of a feeble mendicant asking alms, but in the thundering voice of the captain of a mighty host, demanding the rights to which free men are entitled.
If there is to be peace in our industrial life, let the employer recognize his obligation to his employees - at least to the degree set forth in existing statutes.
Labor is marching toward the goal of industrial democracy and contributing constructively toward a more rational arrangement of our domestic economy.
Who gets the bird, the hunter or the dog?
The law does not expect a man to be prepared to defend every act of his life which may be suddenly and without notice alleged against him.
The acme of judicial distinction means the ability to look a lawyer straight in the eyes for two hours and not hear a damned word he says.
Let the end be legitimate, let it be within the scope of the constitution, and all means which are appropriate, which are plainly adapted to that end, which are not prohibited, but consist with the letter and spirit of the constitution, are constitutional.
The power to tax involves the power to destroy.
I can't believe a guy that handsome wouldn't have some impact.
War is wretched beyond description, and only a fool or a fraud could sentimentalize its cruel reality.
Neither party should be defined by pandering to the outer reaches of American politics and the agents of intolerance, whether they be Louis Farrakhan and Al Sharpton on the left, or Pat Robertson or Jerry Falwell on the right.
[B]y 2008, I think I might be ready to go down to the old soldiers home and await the cavalry charge there.
There is some indication, and I don’t have the conclusions, but some of this anthrax may — and I emphasize may — have come from Iraq.
The day that the leadership of the military comes to me and says, 'Senator, we ought to change the policy,' then I think we ought to consider seriously changing it.
[I]n the words of Chairman Mao, 'It's darkest before it's totally black.'
Contracting a fatal disease.
I would vote for a Muslim if he or she was the best candidate able to lead the country and defend our political values.
I'm glad whenever they cut interest rates, I wish interest rates were zero.
I think they put some lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig.
Our recommitment to Afghanistan must include increasing NATO forces, suspending the debilitating restrictions on when and how those forces can fight, expanding the training and equipping of the Afghan National Army through a long-term partnership with NATO to make it more professional and multiethnic, and deploying significantly more foreign police trainers.
I have a clear record, both publicly and privately, of saying Alito and Roberts are what we want on the Supreme Court.
Anybody who believes the surge has not succeeded, militarily, politically and in most other ways, frankly, does not know the facts on the ground.
As part of Social Security reform, I believe that private savings accounts are a part of it -- along the lines that President Bush proposed.
As you know, there are Al-Qaeda operatives that are taken back into Iran, given training as leaders, and they're moving back into Iraq.
Let me say that no one has supported President Bush on Iraq more than I have.
We're no longer staring into the abyss of defeat and we can now look ahead to the genuine prospect of success.
In all candor, if I'd been President of the United States, I'd have ordered the plane landed at the nearest Air Force base, and I'd have been over here, ok?
I made it very clear, at that time, before and after, that we will not negotiate with terrorist organizations, that Hamas would have to abandon their terrorism, their advocacy to the extermination of the state of Israel, and be willing to negotiate in a way that recognizes the right of the state of Israel and abandons their terrorist position and advocacy.
We have drawn down to pre-surge levels.
Only a fool or a fraud talks tough or romantically about war.
And I stopped beating my wife just a couple of weeks ago…
Maybe that’s a way of killing them.
I will not raise your taxes, nor support a tax increase.
At the moment of conception.
Opening up the health insurance market to more vigorous nationwide competition, as we have done over the last decade in banking, would provide more choices of innovative products less burdened by the worst excesses of state-based regulation.
America is the greatest force for good in the history of the world.
I have to tell you, [Senator Obama] is a decent person, and a person that you do not have to be scared as President of the United States.
I don't know if you could ever say, quote 'mission accomplished,' as much as you could say 'Americans are out of harm's way.
At least I don't plaster on the makeup like a trollop, you cunt.
Luckily, I agree with my party more than Senator McCain agrees with his party.
It's not change when John McCain decided to stand with George Bush 95 percent of the time, as he did in the Senate last year.
John started carousing and running around with women.
Just because a candidate's opponent says something is true about that candidate doesn't necessarily mean you should lead with it.
I would never vote for Anyone whothinks its funny to "Bomb,bomb,bomb,bomb,bomb Iran"
But the more one sees of [McCain's] impulsive, intensely personal reactions to people and events, the less confidence one has that he would select judges by calm reflection and clear principles, having neither patience nor aptitude for either.
When we program a computer to make choices intelligently after determining its options, examining their consequences, and deciding which is most favorable or most moral or whatever, we must program it to take an attitude towards its freedom of choice essentially isomorphic to that which a human must take to his own.
He who refuses to do arithmetic is doomed to talk nonsense.
I’ll let the racket do the talking.
This taught me a lesson, but I’m not sure what it is.
In the anarchic world of international politics, it is better to be Godzilla than Bambi.
Anne Arundel County has become the world’s epicenter of military intelligence and defense-related information technology.
My obligation is to focus on the priorities of classroom instruction, parental involvement and student safety, targeting student performance and eliminating unnecessary administrative costs.
Neuroscience has contributed so much in just a few decades to how we think about human nature and how we know ourselves.
I am never quite sure whether I am one of the cinema's elder statesmen or just the oldest whore on the beat.
Every screenwriter worthy of the name has already directed his film when he has written his script.
Why should God wish to take a thoroughbred like Matty so soon, and leave some others down here that could well be spared?
"Particle physics suffers more from being infected by the socio-political mood of the day than from lack of spectacular opportunities for major and profound discoveries."
I know just what it feels like to have a voice in the back of my head.
I need a little room to breathe.
Time is a valuable thing, watch it fly by as the pendulum swings.
This is the last smile that I'll fake for the sake of being with you.
I want to find something I wanted all along.
Don't turn your back on me, I won't be ignored.
I'm tired of being what you want me to be.
When the rich wage war it's the poor who die.
Bleed it out, digging deeper just to throw it away.
I am not a pattern to be followed, the pill that I'm on is a tough one to swallow, I'm not a criminal not a role model, not a born leader, I'm a tough act to follow.
All I wanna do is trade this life for something new, holding onto what I haven't got.
And your voice was all I heard; that I got what I deserve
The number one book of the ages was written by a committee, and it was called The Bible.
You're not going to ask me that and if you did I'd pretend that you didn't because everybody and their mother plus their dog and cat and their goldfish asks me that.
When he performs my songs, I couldn't even dream of them being sung better.
I think the greatest taboos in America are faith and failure.
There is nothing more profoundly serious than real comedy, which is an affirmation of human communion, redemption and grace.
"My four years at Berkley represent two of the happiest weeks of my life."
I don't believe I can be at 100%, and I respect the Olympics too much.
Women usually love what they buy, yet hate two-thirds of what is in their closets.
Hope is the feeling we have that the feeling we have is not permanent.
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
Good food, good sex, good digestion, good sleep: to these basic animal pleasures, man has added nothing but the good cigarette.
Confession is good for the conscience, but it usually bypasses the soul.
Scratch my back with a hacksaw!
Lord Stanley, Lord Stanley, get me the brandy!
Get in the fast lane, Grandma, the bingo game's ready to roll!
He beat him like a rented mule.
Michael, Michael, Motorcycle.
Buy Sam a drink and get his dog one, too!
She wants to sell my monkey!
Call Arnold Slick from Turtle Crick!
(Insert Goaltender here) doesn't know whether to cry or wind his watch.
(Insert Goaltender here) just lost his liquor license.
Slap me silly, Sidney!
And ladies and gentlemen, the kitchen is closed!
Shave my face with a rusty razor.
It’s not about hair, it’s about being you--whether that’s something the industry has seen before and accepts or not.
The final purpose of art is to intensify, even, if necessary, to exacerbate, the moral consciousness of people.
Writing books is the closest men ever come to childbearing.
With the pride of an artist, you must blow against the walls of every power that exists, the small trumpet of your defiance.
The horror of the Twentieth Century was the size of each new event, and the paucity of its reverberation.
The difference between writing a book and being on television is the difference between conceiving a child and having a baby made in a test tube.
The highest prize in a world of men is the most beautiful woman available on your arm and living there in her heart loyal to you.
A little bit of rape is good for a man's soul.
Culture is worth a little risk.
Short-term amnesia is not the worst affliction if you have an Irish flair for the sauce.
Decade after decade, artists came to paint the light of Provincetown, and comparisons were made to the lagoons of Venice and the marshes of Holland, but then the summer ended and most of the painters left, and the long dingy undergarment of the gray New England winter, gray as the spirit of my mood, came down to visit.
When I read it, I don't wince, which is all I ever ask for a book I write.
On a late-winter evening in 1983, while driving through fog along the Maine coast, recollections of old campfires began to drift into the March mist, and I thought of the Abnaki Indians of the Algonquin tribe who dwelt near Bangor a thousand years ago.
Obsession is the single most wasteful human activity, because with an obsession you keep coming back and back and back to the same question and never get an answer.
The ultimate tendency of liberalism is vegetarianism.
I hate everything which is not in myself.
The natural role of twentieth-century man is anxiety.
There was never a revolution to equal it, and never a city more glorious than Petrograd, and for all that period of my life I lived another and braved the ice of winter and the summer flies in Vyborg while across my adopted country of the past, winds of the revolution blew their flame, and all of us suffered hunger while we drank at the wine of equality.
Revolutions are the periods of history when individuals count most.
The manuscript lay like a dust-rag on his desk, and Eitel found, as he had found before, that the difficulty of art was that it forced a man back on his life, and each time the task was more difficult and distasteful.
There was that law of life so cruel and so just which demanded that one must grow or else pay more for remaining the same.
Each day a few more lies eat into the seed with which we are born, little institutional lies from the print of newspapers, the shock waves of television, and the sentimental cheats of the movie screen.
There is probably no sensitive heterosexual alive who is not preoccupied with his latent homosexuality.
When the wind carries a cry which is meaningful to human ears, it is simpler to believe the wind shares with us some part of the emotion of Being than that the mysteries of a hurricane's rising murmur reduce to no more than the random collision of insensate molecules.
God like Us suffers the ambition to make a destiny more extraordinary than was conceived for Him, yes God is like Me, only more so.
Hip is the sophistication of the wise primitive in a giant jungle.
A modern democracy is a tyranny whose borders are undefined; one discovers how far one can go only by traveling in a straight line until one is stopped.
In America few people will trust you unless you are irreverent.
I'm hostile to men, I'm hostile to women, I'm hostile to cats, to poor cockroaches, I'm afraid of horses.
There's a subterranean impetus towards pornography so powerful that half the business world is juiced by the sort of half sex that one finds in advertisements.
Sentimentality is the emotional promiscuity of those who have no sentiment.
What characterizes a member of a minority group is that he is forced to see himself as both exceptional and insignificant, marvelous and awful, good and evil.
I was now at a university in New York, a professor of existential psychology with the not inconsiderable thesis that magic, dread, and the perception of death were the roots of motivation.
I had a quick grasp of the secret to sanity — it had become the ability to hold the maximum of impossible combinations in one's mind.
The Irish are the only men who know how to cry for the dirty polluted blood of all the world.
Obviously, he was a great American voice
Each day will be triumphant only when your smiles bring forth smiles from others.
Today I will multiply my value a hundredfold.
A field of clay touched by the genius of man becomes a castle.
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
I'm a study of a man in chaos in search of frenzy.
Strip away the phony tinsel of Hollywood and you will find the real tinsel underneath.
I once said cynically of a politician, "He'll double-cross that bridge when he comes to it."
An epigram is only a wisecrack that's played at Carnegie Hall.
Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
I envy people who drink — at least they know what to blame everything on.
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility; there are so few of us left.
The only difference between the Democrats and the Republicans is that the Democrats allow the poor to be corrupt, too.
I am no more humble than my talents require.
I have given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
I was once thrown out of a mental hospital for depressing the other patients.
Once he makes up his mind, he's full of indecision.
Every time I look at you I get a fierce desire to be lonesome.
It isn't what you are, it's what you don't become that hurts.
Although the mass of the people accepted the white man's God, either under physical duress or because he seemed more powerful than their own Gods, they never assimilated the ideas of Christianity.
In contrast, traditional Catholic churches serve vast numbers of people who have little or nothing in common, and they are often impersonal supermarkets for the sacraments.
At stake are two different visions of faith, the Church of Caesar, powerful and rich; and the Church of Christ - loving, poor and spiritually rich.
Opus Dei is an efficient machine run to achieve world power.
And the Third World will continue to beckon to the First, reminding it of the Galilean vision of Christian solidarity.
Are physical forces alone at work there, or has evolution begotten something more complex, something not unakin to what we know on Earth as life?
The whole object of science is to synthesize, and so simplify; and did we but know the uttermost of a subject we could make it singularly clear.
Formulae are the anaesthetics of thought, not its stimulants and to make any one think is far better worth while than cramming him with ill-considered, and therefore indigestible, learning.
That Mars is inhabited by beings of some sort or other we may consider as certain as it is uncertain what these beings may be.
War is a survival among us from savage times and affects now chiefly the the boyish and unthinking element of the nation.
In the great desert of northern Arizona the traveller, threading his way across a sage-brush and cacti plain shut in by abrupt-sided shelves of land rising here and there some hundreds of feet higher, suddenly comes upon a petrified forest.
I hate it when something I’ve had published "inspires" some nut to imitate what I’ve written, or some teacher gets fired for having her students read one of my stories or novels.
I can get pissed off very easily.
The way I solved the theoretical problem was to go into the shop and build something concrete.
It is well that war is so terrible, otherwise we should grow too fond of it.
I have been up to see the Congress and they do not seem to be able to do anything except to eat peanuts and chew tobacco, while my army is starving.
The questions which for years were in dispute between the State and General Government, and which unhappily were not decided by the dictates of reason, but referred to the decision of war, having been decided against us, it is the part of wisdom to acquiesce in the result, and of candor to recognize the fact.
True patriotism sometimes requires of men to act exactly contrary, at one period, to that which it does at another, and the motive which impels them — the desire to do right — is precisely the same.
My experience through life has convinced me that, while moderation and temperance in all things are commendable and beneficial, abstinence from spiritous liquors is the best safeguard of morals and health.
I cannot consent to place in the control of others one who cannot control himself.
Sir, if you ever presume again to speak disrespectfully of General Grant in my presence, either you or I will sever his connection with this university.
Obedience to lawful authority is the foundation of manly character.
Teach him he must deny himself.
I should be trading on the blood of my men.
The education of a man is never completed until he dies.
Computers are no more able to create information than iPods are capable of creating music.
For the record, I don’t deserve this. But I have lower back pain and don’t deserve that either
If "knowledge puffs up," then we professors are in ever-present danger of having egos resembling threatened blow fish.
Technological change is beneficial only when other jobs replace the ones lost.
The economic illusion is the belief that social justice is bad for economic growth.
In practice, a good deal of the outcomes produced by the market reflect nothing more than luck - good or bad.
American critics of welfare statism are often surprised to learn that countries like West Germany, with a much more comprehensive welfare state and a statistically "larger" public sector, have fewer government employees per capita than the United States does.
In America, we build public housing by creating lucrative inducements to private developers, and then wax indignant at the public waste.
If social security depresses savings rates, it is only because it is unfunded.
When laissez-faire creates instability, the move to a freer market can be something less than pure gain.
Technological advance often thrives in sheltered and subsidized markets, which defy free trade.
In a world where technology and capital are highly transferable, there is a real risk that comparative advantage comes to be defined as whose labor force will work for the lowest wage.
Government is a disease masquerading as its own cure.
The electrification of the automobile is inevitable.
What could be better than walking down any street in any city and knowing you're the heavyweight champion of the world?
Why waltz with a guy for 10 rounds if you can knock him out in one?
I don't want to be remembered as a beaten champion.
I believe, in my prime, I could have fought with anybody alive.
Rocky Marciano stood out in boxing like a rose in a garbage dump.
The greatness of Marciano in the ring was defined by the way he prepared for a fight, his ability to punch and take a punch.
Rocky is a poor Italian boy from a poor Italian family, and he appreciates the buck more than almost anybody. He's only got two halfway decent purses so far, and it was like a tiger tasting blood
That way of life against which my generation rebelled had given us grim courage, fortitude, self-discipline, a sense of individual responsibility, and a capacity for relentless hard work.
The question is whether personal freedom is worth the terrible effort, the never-lifted burden and risks of self-reliance.
It was not seen that woman’s place was in the home until she began to go out of it; the statement was a reply to an unspoken challenge, it was attempted resistance to irresistible change.
Take that bone out of your nose and call me back.
Greetings, conversationalists across the fruited plain, this is Rush Limbaugh, the most dangerous man in America, with the largest hypothalamus in North America, serving humanity simply by opening my mouth, destined for my own wing in the Museum of Broadcasting, executing everything I do flawlessly with zero mistakes, doing this show with half my brain tied behind my back just to make it fair because I have talent on loan from God.
It's beyond me how anybody can look at these protestors and call them anything other than what they are: anti-American, anticapitalist, pro-Marxist communists.
The media has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well.
If the word of how they're being treated keeps getting out, we're going to have al-Qaeda people surrendering all over the world trying to get in place.
So I shamelessly say, no, I want him to fail, if his agenda is a far-left collectivism, some people say socialism, as a conservative heartfelt, deeply, why would I want socialism to succeed?
"[N]ot one Republican voted for the TARP bailout"
You've got enough in here that people who get hold of this — like AP or any of the state-controlled media — they're going to focus on the soap opera aspects of your book and they're going to ignore what is truly one of the most substantive policy books I've read.
Great comedy is great comedy only if it has an element of truth in it.
More people have died at Chappaquiddick than have died at nuclear plants.
Regardless of political labels, for any radio announcer to wish a riot on a city so his party could win, that's disgraceful and it's absurd.
We have no intention of prosecuting Rush Limbaugh because lying through your teeth and being stupid isn't a crime.
You know, if you played a drinking game where you did a shot every time Rush Limbaugh attacked someone for being elite, you'd almost be as wasted as Rush Limbaugh.
Airing anti-Rush Limbaugh commercials during the Rush Limbaugh show would only conflict with the listeners who have chosen to listen to Rush Limbaugh.
The art of acceptance is the art of making someone who has just done you a small favor wish that he might have done you a greater one.
I am not here concerned with intent, but with scientific standards, especially the ability to tell the difference between a fact, an opinion, a hypothesis, and a hole in the ground.
There's something in the human personality which resents things that are clear, and conversely, something which is attracted to puzzles, enigmas, and allegories.
Include utter banalities.
Here’s to dodgy adventures with disreputable relatives!
You see, this universe we inhabit is made up of billions of galaxies—literally beyond counting—and this is only one universe.
We in our present generation stand on the cusp of a new and glorious dawn when mastery of these energies lies fully within our grasp as secret yields to inquiry, which yields to experimentation, which leads to verification and duplication, which, in the final course, leads to knowledge.
But isn’t that hazardous—messing with events?
See here, if a simple act of kindness or generosity, such as buying a loaf of bread for some poor working women, can mean that wholesale death and destruction will be avoided—why, a man would be a monster who had it in his power to alleviate all that suffering yet stood by and did nothing.
Getting lost is the least of your worries.
Jump blind and you might find yourself on the rim of a raging volcano, or smack in the middle of a battlefield during a savage war, or on a swiftly tilting ice floe in a tempest-tossed sea.
The very idea of a near-infinite array of universes made his head swim.
“If the heat doesn’t kill you,” he mused, “the flies surely will.”
He was a stranger in a strange land: lost in the cosmos, a man with neither compass nor guide, sitting in a tomb in Egypt surrounded by the dead, with Giles—a man his own age, but separated by class and sensibility and four hundred years—looking to him for answers.
You really don’t want to get lost.
I’ve moved heaven and earth to find you.
"Tonality itself - with its process of instilling expectations and subsequently withholding promised fulfillment until climax - is the principal musical means during the period from 1600 to 1900 for arousing and channeling desire."
Art is the objectification of feeling.
Music is the tonal analogue of emotive life.
I love musical theatre and my dream is to do Once On This Island.
I had too many bad comments from the judges. Too many, too late, at this point in time
"The goal of the Jewish Masonic elite is to establish dictatorial Illuministic Communism and to enslave all mankind under the thumb of a Jewish master race led by a world messiah who is to rule from Jerusalem."
The biggest human temptation is … to settle for too little.
The whole idea of compassion is based on a keen awareness of the interdependence of all these living beings, which are all part of one another, and all involved in one another.
Only when they must choose between competing theories do scientists behave like philosophers.
If architecture is the history of all phallic emotion, the Empire State Building is utter catharsis, and we are sitting in its silhouette.
The Fulton Fish Market will be more of an odor than a landmark at this time of day, but it really swings out at four o'clock in the morning - another Timothy 'Speed' Levitch recommendation if you can't sleep and you like fish.
I like the phrase "shot heard 'round the world," and I don't think there's any doubt the Oklahoma City blast was heard around the world.
If there is a hell, then I'll be in good company with a lot of fighter pilots who also had to bomb innocents to win the war.
I don't want a fat mexican woman beating the crap out of my son.
I got it: stay away from cocaine and heroin.
I have nothing to hide.
Well, I'm not the same and I'm born again; it's the same ol' saying.
Dancing with the wind: the fire burns, the water drowns.
A game that requires the constant conjuring of animosity.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you will be fired with enthusiasm.
Well, gentlemen, I'll tell ya - for the first 60 feet that was a hell of a pitch.
Quick work, thanks!
There is no way to peace; peace is the way.
It appears, from all that precedes, reasonably certain that if there be any relative motion between the earth and the luminiferous ether, it must be small; quite small enough entirely to refute Fresnel's explanation of aberration.
Nothing is crueller than children who come from good homes.
A turn, a screw, a pull, a twist, the drug that makes you prettiest.
I'm not gonna live my life on one side of an ampersand.
I always end up in the bathroom, doing his hair.
Change is rarely comfortable
If you don't want to be replaced by a machine, don't try to act like one!
Deep Democracy is our sense that the world is here to help us to become our entire selves, and that we are here to help the world to become whole.
That holy, humble, meek, modest, retiring Form, sometimes called the Spirit of Prayer, has been dragged from the closet, and so rudely handled by some of her professed friends, that she has not only lost all her wonted loveliness, but is now stalking the street, in some places, stark mad.
My family isn’t posh; they’re musicians.
“But don’t you think,” I persist, “that it’s better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?”
That’s what I love you for: your inability to perceive all my hideous flaws.
Journalists who make mistakes get sued for libel; historians who make mistakes get to publish a revised edition.
No wonder scoundrels find refuge in patriotism; it offers them immunity from criticism.
Standing up to your government can mean standing up for your country.
News is what people want to keep hidden and everything else is publicity.
The most fundamental liberal failure of the current era: the failure to embrace a moral vision of America based on the transcendent faith that human beings are more than the sum of their material appetites, our country is more than an economic machine, and freedom is not license but responsibility.
Here is the crisis of the times as I see it: We talk about problems, issues, policies, but we don't talk about what democracy means—what it bestows on us—the revolutionary idea that it isn't just about the means of governance but the means of dignifying people so they become fully free to claim their moral and political agency.
The property qualifications for federal office that the framers of the Constitution expressly chose to exclude for demonstrating an unseemly "veneration of wealth" are now de facto in force and higher than the Founding Fathers could have imagined.
People who don't believe in government are likely to defile government.
All this is beyond me, I had trouble with Lincoln Logs.
"I don't care about the Constitution!"
If the Americans go in and overthrow Saddam Hussein and it's clean, he has nothing, I will apologize to the nation, and I will not trust the Bush Administration again, all right?
Like a brain surgeon who drinks a martini when he's not on call, the successful kids in your school may smoke pot on occasion, but they are not stoners.
When I die, I don't want my demise to be used as a political rally, and that's what happened yesterday.
America today is a confused society, caught up in a terror war, a culture war, and a media war, where honesty and professional standards have vanished.
CNN has gone to the dark side.
You know, look, if I could strangle these people and not go to hell and get executed, I would, but I can't.
Many parents are worried in America about the gay agenda and indoctrination of their children to see homosexuality in a certain way.
I'm not smart enough to debate you point to point on this, but I have the feeling that about 60% of what you say is crap.
Security is for cadavers.
People Propose, Science Studies, Technology Conforms.
The major problems facing the development of products that are safer, less prone to error, and easier to use and understand are not technological: they are social and organizational.
When I read the life of such a man as Paul, how I blush to think how sickly and dwarfed Christianity is at the present time, and how many hundreds there are who never think of working for the Son of God and honoring Christ.
Merely reading the Bible is no use at all without we study it thoroughly, and hunt it through, as it were, for some great truth.
Go through John's Gospel, and study the "believes," the "verilys," the " I ams; "and go through the Bible in that way, and it becomes a new book to you.
The last business of Christ's life was the saving of a poor penitent thief.
Depend upon it, as long as the church is living so much like the world, we cannot expect our children to be brought into the fold.
I never yet have known the Spirit of God to work where the Lord's people were divided.
No man ever sought Christ with a heart to find Him who did not find Him.
If Jesus bore the cross, and died on it for me, ought I not to be willing to take it up for Him?
My friends, there is one spot on earth where the fear of Death, of Sin, and of Judgment, need never trouble us, the only safe spot on earth where the sinner can stand — Calvary.
If you were to spend a month feeding on the precious promises of God, you would not be going about with your heads hanging down like bulrushes, complaining how poor you are; but you would lift up your heads with confidence, and proclaim the riches of His grace because you could not help it.
The work of the Spirit is to impart life, to implant hope, to give liberty, to testify of Christ, to guide us into all truth, to teach us all things, to comfort the believer, and to convict the world of sin.
I firmly believe that the moment our hearts are emptied of pride and selfishness and ambition and self-seeking and every thing that is contrary to God's law, the Holy Ghost will come and fill every corner of our hearts; but if we are full of pride and conceit and ambition and self-seeking and pleasure and the world, there is no room for the Spirit of God; and I believe many a man is praying to God to fill him when he is full already with something else.
"He will reprove the world of sin" —not because men swear and lie and steal and get drunk and murder— "of sin because they believe not on me."
The great moral question of the twenty-first century is this: if all knowing, all culture, all art, all useful information can be costlessly given to everyone at the same price that it is given to anyone; if everyone can have everything, anywhere, all the time, why is it ever moral to exclude anyone?
The difference is, this time, we win.
The peculiar characteristic of classical music is that it is really better than it sounds.
Some mornings it just doesn't seem worth it to gnaw through the leather straps.
We won't win until the average parent believes drug reform protects kids better than the war on drugs.
If there's one thing the international community should do, if only out of deference because he won the election, is to take seriously his arguments that coca products have a place in the international commodities market.
A pint of sweat will save a gallon of blood.
I don't know what you think you're trying to do, but the krauts ought to pin a medal on you for helping them mess up discipline for us.
My men can eat their belts, but my tanks have gotta have gas.
A good solution applied with vigor now is better than a perfect solution applied ten minutes later.
Always do everything you ask of those you command.
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
Don't fight a battle if you don't gain anything by winning.
Fixed fortifications are a monument to the stupidity of man.
Fail to honor people, They fail to honor you; But of a good leader, who talks little, When his work is done, his aims fulfilled, They will all say, We did this ourselves.
I'd rather have a German division in front of me, than a French one behind.
Variants:
Men are at war with each other because each man is at war with himself.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I shall fear no evil, because I am the meanest son-of-a-bitch in the valley.
A great leader for exploiting a mobile situation.
As I opened the door – I heard cattle – many – in the pens over by the track – lowing – I wonder if you ever heard a whole lot of cattle lowing – it sounds different here – too – just ground and sky – and the lowing cattle – you hardly see – either them or the pens – the pens are of weather beaten boards – take on the color of the ground it seems – I like it and I don’t like it – its like music – I made up a tune this morning – Well – I heard the cattle – as I opened the door – and I liked it and I didn’t liked it – then I read your letter as I walked to breakfast – a great letter – Anita -
I do not like the idea of happiness – it is too momentary – I would say that I was always busy and interested in something – interest has more meaning to me than the idea of happiness.
I hate flowers — I paint them because they're cheaper than models and they don't move!
Clearly our first task is to use the material wealth of space to solve the urgent problems we now face on Earth: to bring the poverty-stricken segments of the world up to a decent living standard, without recourse to war or punitive action against those already in material comfort; to provide for a maturing civilization the basic energy vital to its survival.
I had no idea this was going to be an accurate prediction, but amazingly enough instead of 10 [years] doubling, we got nine over the 10 years, but still followed pretty well along the curve.
I look out the window sometimes to seek the color of the shadows and the different greens in the trees, but when I get ready to paint I just close my eyes and imagine a scene.
I'll get an inspiration and start painting; then I'll forget everything, everything except how things used to be and how to paint it so people will know how we used to live.
A primitive artist is an amateur whose work sells.
If I hadn't started painting, I would have raised chickens.
I don't think I could stay interested for a couple of months in a character of mean motivation.
It just seems silly to me that something so right and simple has to be fought for at all.
They say the bad guys are more interesting to play but there is more to it than that — playing the good guys is more challenging because it's harder to make them interesting.
Entertainment is all right, but entertainment with an idea behind it is much more important.
What if there is a ruling that, uh, you cannot apply civil penalties to, uh, practicing sodomites?
An unarmed people are slaves or are subject to slavery at any given moment.
To die for the … racists … is lighter than a feather, but to die for the people … is heavier than any mountain and deeper any sea.
Another old friend gone!
I realized now that militancy in the best sense of the word was the only answer where the black man was concerned, that any black man who wasn't a militant in 1970 was either blind or a coward.
We are blessed and sustained by what is not said
I can bear a lot but not that pall
Local self-government…is the life-blood of liberty.
As long as he lived, he was the guiding-star of a whole brave nation, and when he died the little children cried in the street.
Give us the luxuries of life, and we will dispense with its necessaries.
It is generally my thesis then to insist on the importance of imagination in sex, to insist that the practice of sex, as performed among human beings, be accorded the same deliberate and playful application of fancy, imagination and intelligence as any other significant human activity.
You don't have to be responsible for the world that you're in.
With four parameters I can fit an elephant, and with five I can make him wiggle his trunk.
If one has really technically penetrated a subject, things that previously seemed in complete contrast, might be purely mathematical transformations of each other.
Nothing is accidental in the universe — this is one of my Laws of Physics — except the entire universe itself, which is Pure Accident, pure divinity.
The worst cynicism: a belief in luck.
It is not her body that he wants but it is only through her body that he can take possession of another human being, so he must labor upon her body, he must enter her body, to make his claim.
If you are a writer you locate yourself behind a wall of silence and no matter what you are doing, driving a car or walking or doing housework — you can still be writing, because you have that space.
When people say there is too much violence in [my books], what they are saying is there is too much reality in life.
Our enemy is by tradition our savior, in preventing us from superficiality.
If food is poetry, is not poetry also food?
[The] third man in the ring makes boxing possible.
When asked what the stock market will do: It will fluctuate
Why is it so?
I aim to remind the warrior within us all to navigate through the unknown that we may meet the morning, improved and unenslaved.
Being an artist means seeing things and never having the ability to shut your eyes.
It's not who you know, but who you are that matters most.
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.
I don't want it to be super-exclusive. That's not who I am
I wouldn't be the person I am today if it weren't for his daily encouragement.
I say you call yourself Goldstein, Silverstein, and Rubinstein because you're stealing all the gold and silver and rubies all over the earth — and it's true, because of your thieving and stealing and roguing, and lying all over the face of the planet earth.
I may be the star, but you are the heavens.
I don't think anybody could spend five minutes with Kim and not come away with a slightly altered view of themselves, the world, and our potential as human beings.
The vast material displacements the machine has made in our physical environment are perhaps in the long run less important than its spiritual contributions to our culture.
Every generation revolts against its fathers and makes friends with its grandfathers.
I'm a pessimist about probabilities; I'm an optimist about possibilities.
Traditionalists are pessimists about the future and optimists about the past.
The clock, not the steam-engine, is the key-machine of the modern industrial age.
War is the supreme drama of a completely mechanized society.
Sport in the sense of a mass-spectacle, with death to add to the underlying excitement, comes into existence when a population has been drilled and regimented and depressed to such an extent that it needs at least a vicarious participation in difficult feats of strength or skill or heroism in order to sustain its waning life-sense.
Today, the notion of progress in a single line without goal or limit seems perhaps the most parochial notion of a very parochial century.
However far modern science and technics have fallen short of their inherent possibilities, they have taught mankind at least one lesson: Nothing is impossible.
Today, the degradation of the inner life is symbolized by the fact that the only place sacred from interruption is the private toilet.
By his very success in inventing labor-saving devices, modern man has manufactured an abyss of boredom that only the privileged classes in earlier civilizations have ever fathomed.
We have created an industrial order geared to automatism, where feeble-mindedness, native or acquired, is necessary for docile productivity in the factory; and where a pervasive neurosis is the final gift of the meaningless life that issues forth at the other end.
Nothing is unthinkable, nothing impossible to the balanced person, provided it comes out of the needs of life and is dedicated to life's further development.
Every new baby is a blind desperate vote for survival: people who find themselves unable to register an effective political protest against extermination do so by a biological act.
The chief function of the city is to convert power into form, energy into culture, dead matter into the living symbols of art, biological reproduction into social creativity.
We may, I believe, anticipate that the chemist of the future who is interested in the structure of proteins, nucleic acids, polysaccharides, and other complex substances with high molecular weight will come to rely upon a new structural chemistry, involving precise geometrical relationships among the atoms in the molecules and the rigorous application of the new structural principles, and that great progress will be made, through this technique, in the attack, by chemical methods, on the problems of biology and medicine.
The only sane policy for the world is that of abolishing war.
I have always wanted to know as much as possible about the world.
Only when I began studying chemical engineering at Oregon Agricultural College did I realize that I myself might discover something new about the nature of the world.
Although Pauling was often controversial and was sometimes criticized in both scientific and political arenas, it is incontrovertible that he had a major impact on science, education, and international peace.
An extraordinary person — a scientist, educator, humanist, and statesman with worldwide impact in each of these roles.
Linus Pauling undoubtedly stands as one of the most influential scientists of the twentieth century.
Whatever the context and whatever the audience, he was clear, he was committed, he was compassionate, and, far more often than most, he was right — or if not, at least on the side of the angels.
You don’t know how to handle anything today, because you have to go to jail to get some press or fall down drunk.
Libertarians love their children at least as much as the Democrats and the Republicans, probably more.
The Patriot Act is the most egregious piece of legislation to ever leave Congress since the Alien and Sedition Acts, John Ashcroft and every member of Congress who voted for it should be indicted.
Marriage partners, not government, should define the terms and spiritual orientation of their union in accordance with our nation's guarantee of religious freedom.
It may come as a surprise to some academics, but there is a marked relationship between economic power and political power.
The trick is to steal big.
The two party electoral system performs the essential function of helping to legitimate the existing social order.
Those who control the wealth of this society have an influence over political life far in excess of their number.
There is a century-old saying, "The dollar votes more times than the man."
The peculiar danger of executive power is that it executes.
The media have been tireless in their efforts to suppress the truth about the gangster state.
To make the world safe for those who own it, politically active elements of the owning class have created a national security state that expends billions of dollars and enlists the efforts of vast numbers of people.
When change threatens to rule, then the rules are changed.
Dream as big as you can dream, and anything is possible.
It's not how you start, but it's how you finish.
"The only friend I trust not to distort or misuse what I say is Michelle Pfeiffer."
"Pfeiffer in particular takes the sort of glamorous yet preposterous part that generally defeats even the best actress and somehow contrives to make it credible every inch of the way."
"For any actress to make the transition from Catwoman to Ellen Olenska would be impressive, and that Pfeiffer succeeds here as she did in her last film is the most conclusive proof yet of her widening talents."
Some people don't have a family to fall back on, like I have, and that's when something greater than even that comes in, and that's faith and that's what I have for me, that's what keeps me strong.
I am so excited to let fans in on how important my relationship with my family is to me, I hope to motivate mothers and daughters to build lifetimes of memories together, and inspire kids around the world to live their dreams.
I like to think of myself as the girl that no one can get, that no one can keep in their hand.
I only turn 16 once, so it's going to be an awesome party with my favorite rides, hanging out with friends, fireworks and more.
I went to Starbucks and there was, like, no-one, no-one asked me for my autograph, no-one did anything, so I was like 'woah, this is really cool, this is really strange'.
Remember what things make you special and embrace those because there are so many things that aren’t on the outside that are so important and people find so beautiful.
I can mix and match a cute shirt with some skinny jeans under a leather jacket and it looks fun and unique.
Her voice is surprisingly rich for a girl in her early teens, and she has more personality than many pop starlets her age, especially those in the Disney stable.
Most of us have grown so blase about computer developments and capabilities — even some that are spectacular — that it is difficult to believe or imagine there was a time when we suffered the noisy, painstakingly slow, electromechanical devices that chomped away on punched cards.
Who knows the thoughts of a child?
Resentment isn't a magnetic personal style.
This I believe: I believe there is no god.
Man's capacity for justice makes democracy possible, but man's inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary.
I think, you know, the thing everybody really wants to know anyway is not what the theory of relativity is, but I think what we all really want to know anyways, is whether we're loved or not.
Science walks forward on two feet, namely theory and experiment.
Cosmic rays
I can't think that it would be terrible of me to say — and it is occasionally true — that I need physics more than friends.
It worked!
The open society, the unrestricted access to knowledge, the unplanned and uninhibited association of men for its furtherance — these are what may make a vast, complex, ever growing, ever changing, ever more specialized and expert technological world, nevertheless a world of human community.
There are children playing in the streets who could solve some of my top problems in physics, because they have modes of sensory perception that I lost long ago.
The Optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds, the Pessimist fears it is true.
President Ford used humor a great deal.
Dick Cheney has to be the kindliest attack dog ever.
Humor starts like a wildfire, but then continues on, smoldering, smoldering for years.
As much as we admire all the characteristics of a Ronald Reagan, as soon as something goes wrong, people will hate those same characteristics.
The chance to be seen as a warm, witty guy is too good an opportunity for a politician to miss.
The secret of writing comedy is to know where it's all going, then get ahead of it.
Do you ever get the feeling that the only reason we have elections is to find out if the polls were right?
A vacation is having nothing to do and all day to do it in.
There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our lungs, there'd be no place to put it all.
The next time you feel like complaining, remember that your garbage disposal probably eats better than 30 percent of the people in the world.
More than ever before, Americans are suffering from back problems: back taxes, back rent, back auto payments.
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that "individuality" is the key to success.
Life was a lot simpler when what we honored was father and mother rather than all major credit cards.
If you can laugh together, you can work together.
You wouldn't want Alan Greenspan to write the instructions for assembling a beach chair.
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
What bothers me about television is that it takes our minds off our minds.
Successful salesman: someone who has found a cure for the common cold shoulder.
Wall Street is where prophets tell us what will happen and profits tell us what did happen.
Did you ever figure to be living in a time when your check is good, but the bank bounces?
I want to give [my records] all away before some fool plays disco at my funeral, and then the record gets stuck, and nobody can tell, and the service goes on forever!
God, think of the great men that have nibbled on me, and now I'm nothing but a snack for a virus - something that can't even decide if it's a plant or an animal.
It's my party and I'll die if I want to!
The federal government has no right to treat all Americans as criminals by spying on their relationship with their doctors, employers, or bankers.
In the free society envisioned by the founders, schools are held accountable to parents, not federal bureaucrats.
Because federal hate crime laws criminalize thoughts, they are incompatible with a free society.
This essential principle of our Constitutional Republic is being ridden roughshod over by imperial Washington, which bullies local governments into accepting its illegal and unconstitutional policies.
Truth is treason in the empire of lies.
I am convinced that there are more threats to American liberty within the 10 mile radius of my office on Capitol Hill than there are on the rest of the globe.
The moral and constitutional obligations of our representatives in Washington are to protect our liberty, not coddle the world, precipitating no-win wars, while bringing bankruptcy and economic turmoil to our people.
When one person can initiate war, by its definition, a republic no longer exists.
The constant refrain that bringing our troops home would demonstrate a lack of support for them must be one of the most amazing distortions ever foisted on the American public.
We can achieve much more in peace than we can ever achieve in these needless, unconstitutional, undeclared wars.
War is never economically beneficial except for those in position to profit from war expenditures.
The do-good liberal who said we have to take care of everybody -- and they are well intentioned -- the more debt they run up to give to the poor, the poorer the people get because they cannot keep up.
This is the big one.
I strongly support Ron Paul, we very badly need to have more Representatives in the House who understand in a principled way the importance of property rights and religious freedom.
This courageous and quiet Congressman has made a worldwide name for himself as the defender of liberty in this country… a persistent fighter for the reduction of the power of bureaucrats everywhere… and one politician who cannot be bought by special interests.
You’re working for the most honest man in Congress.
Of all the candidates so far declared, only Paul can credibly lay claim to the legacy of the Reagan-Goldwater revolution.
I mean this is all seriousness, Ron Paul [is my pro-stock market candidate].
Is this would-be president brave or crazy?
I think Ron Paul is probably telling the truth, nobody's listening.
A the lot of people think like you, I dare not say I‘m one of them.
For Paul to ridicule the term "Islamofascist" as propaganda and to insinuate that anyone who uses it is a warmonger seeking to spread conflict in the Middle East shows how wildly out of touch he is with the vast majority of the American public.
I think I’m fondest of Ron Paul… He’s the only person I agree with on foreign policy.
I'll worry about Ron Paul if he gets to the general election.
He doesn't strike me as the kind of person that's tapping into those elements of American public opinion that might lead towards a sustainable move in the libertarian direction.
Ron Paul is our hero in the Congress.
I think Ron Paul has established his legitimacy in this race.
I think you are the closest we have running to a founding father.
He's a great member of our caucus.
I did not get on the bus to get arrested I got on the bus to go home.
I would like to be known as a person who is concerned about freedom and equality and justice and prosperity for all people.
I think women have demonstrated in leadership positions that they're capable of handling very difficult situations.
For the presidency, I don't think it really matters if it's a man or a woman, it has to be the right person for the job
After all, we are in the entertainment business.
Well, except for ABC, CBS, NBC, MSNBC, CNN, New York Times, the Washington Post, and about another 100 newspapers, I find little evidence of liberal bias in the media.
Thank you, you Commie, homo-loving sons of guns.
I must have told my story ill if to every physician who hears me its illustrations have not the invigorating force of moral tonics.
Death ’s but one more to-morrow.
Where did this filthy thing come from?
I have Bright's disease and he has mine.
Before they made S J Perelman they broke the mold.
[The waiters'] eyes sparkled and their pencils flew as she proceeded to eviscerate my wallet – paté, Whitstable oysters, a sole, and a favorite salad of the Nizam of Hyderabad made of shredded five-pound notes.
Fate was dealing from the bottom of the deck.
The disappearance of a sense of responsibility is the most far-reaching consequence of submission to authority.
When life offers you a dream so far beyond any of your expectations, it's not reasonable to grieve when it comes to an end.
Dazed and disoriented, I looked up from the bright red blood pulsing out of my arm — into the fevered eyes of the six suddenly ravenous vampires.
I was like a lost moon — my planet destroyed in some cataclysmic, disaster-movie scenario of desolation — that continued, nevertheless, to circle in a tight little orbit around the empty space left behind, ignoring the laws of gravity.
Once you cared about a person, it was impossible to be logical about them anymore.
"If there were any way for me to become human for you — no matter what the price was, I would pay it."
Edward rode in the backseat of my father's police car, behind the fiberglass divider, with an amused expression — probably due to my father's amused expression, and the grin that widened every time Charlie stole a glance at Edward in his rearview mirror.
And then [Edward and I] continued blissfully into this small but perfect piece of our forever.
"You never know much time you'll have."
Yes, it was.
Ted likes his meat dead, enough said
With all due respect, many in the entertainment industry are deep into mind-altering substance abuse, and when one’s logic and intellectual calculating powers are replaced with dopey feel-good, fantasy-driven denial, the democratic party serves them well.
They got how many trillions of dollars in gold and silver and jewelry and art and real estate and stained glass and they're passing the basket on Sunday so they can get the tomato farmers' donation?
[I] never thought too highly of anyone foolish enough to take on the nickname of a life-destroying dope product and promote such family-destroying conduct on stage.
People come to my shows just to roast marshmallows on the flames coming out of my ass
Eventually, I believe, current attempts to understand the mind by analogy with man-made computers that can perform superbly some of the same external tasks as conscious beings will be recognized as a gigantic waste of time.
Everyone is entitled to commit murder in the imagination once in a while, not to mention lesser infractions.
It'll start with a spark, and a great fire will grow.
In my nightmares the streets are aflame, and in my dreams it's much the same.
Sacrifice and neon lights slave ships don't wait. Love many, trust few, and don't be late
You don't gotta be loud, son, to be heavy as shit!
The skin you're in makes choices for you.
Life is too short for non-WOW projects.
Lists simplify, clarify, edify.
My baby is a rock n' roller.
I can't save you from yourself, you gotta want it.
Always had more dogs than bones.
In that place, where they tore the nightshade and blackberry patches from their roots to make room for the Medallion City Golf Course, there was once a neighborhood.
Like any artist with no art form, she became dangerous.
What difference do it make if the thing you scared of is real or not?
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.
Everywhere, everywhere, children are the scorned people of the earth.
If there's a book you really want to read but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
As I have said so often before, the long memory is the most radical idea in America…."
You have a moral obligation to finish the job you said you would do.
Confidence is at the root of so many attractive qualities - a sense of humor, a sense of style, a willingness to be who you are no matter what anyone else might think or say.
You should have told him (Jewison) to get Topol's son!
With kikes like you on the loose, who needs Hitler?
What was Pearl Harbor doing in the Pacific?
I learned to play (baseball) on the streets in the Dominican Republic when I was 8 yrs old.
As good as anybody not named Roger.
Here is the real domino theory: Gay man to gay man, bisexual man to straight woman, addict mother to newborn baby, they all fall down and someday it will come to you.
A desire presupposes the possibility of action to achieve it; action presupposes a goal which is worth achieving.
All work is an act of philosophy.
Existence exists—and the act of grasping that statement implies two corollary axioms: that something exists which one perceives and that one exists possessing consciousness, consciousness being the faculty of perceiving that which exists.
Force and mind are opposites; morality ends where the gun begins.
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
If you mean whose side one should be on, Israel or the Arabs, I would certainly say Israel because it’s the advanced, technological, civilized country amidst a group of almost totally primitive savages who have not changed for years and who are racist and who resent Israel because it’s bringing industry, intelligence, and modern technology into their stagnation."
“Free competition enforced by law” is a grotesque contradiction in terms.
Let no man posture as an advocate of peace if he proposes or supports any social system that initiates the use of force against individual men, in any form.
Man—every man—is an end in himself, not a means to the ends of others; he must live for his own sake, neither sacrificing himself to others nor sacrificing others to himself; he must work for his rational self-interest, with the achievement of his own happiness as the highest moral purpose of his life.
Even if smog were a risk to human life, we must remember that life in nature, without technology, is wholesale death.
Unless we put medical freedom into the constitution the time will come when medicine will organize into an undercover dictatorship and force people who wish doctors and treatment of their own choice to submit to only what the dictating outfit offers.
Give it to the big fella!
Panties on the deck
Make no mistake, the point of cutting the personal income tax and the capital gains cut is to send an unmistakable message to business.
John McCain may pay hundreds of dollars for his shoes, but we're the ones who will pay for his flip-flops.
Don't knock the ball in the stands, keep it in your hands!
If people want go-along, get-along politics, I am not their guy.
The next big thing is the one that makes the last big thing usable.
I’m a firm believer in shades of gray.
Within one hour of touching the brush to canvas for the first time, my students have a total, complete painting.
Happy painting and God Bless, my friend.
Let's build us a happy, little cloud that floats around the sky.
The answer is no
It's nice to have an approval rating higher than the president's
Ever since quantum phenomena became definitely recognized many attempts were made to picture their mechanism.
Being married means I can break wind and eat ice cream in bed.
Fame is a bitch, man.
Branch Rickey made me a better man.
There's always another secret.
"Surprisingly, it was in my mouth," he said, "I always forget to check there."
You see the great thing about madness is that it's all in your head.
Every man is a hero in his own story, Princess.
"Of course not," she agreed, "You are nothing if not exhaustive in your self-congratulatory made-up logic."
It is poor civic hygiene to install technologies that could someday facilitate a police state.
Digital files cannot be made uncopyable, any more than water can be made not wet.
More people are killed every year by pigs than by sharks, which shows you how good we are at evaluating risk.
We can't keep weapons out of prisons; we can't possibly expect to keep them out of airports.
Only amateurs attack machines; professionals target people.
There are two kinds of cryptography in this world: cryptography that will stop your kid sister from reading your files, and cryptography that will stop major governments from reading your files.
He was the foundation out of which stemmed the whole edifice of modern jazz piano; every jazz pianist since Bud either came through him or is deliberately attempting to get away from playing like him.
"No one could play like Bud; too difficult, too quick, incredible!
Bud was the most brilliant that a spirit might be, a unique genius in our culture.
Bud is a genius.
He laid down the basis of modern jazz piano.
Bud is a genuine genius.
What no wife of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working when he's staring out of the window.
"If you don't have a consensus that it's nonsense, you don't have a breakthrough."
All ships carry oil.
The average person has one breast and one testicle.
I began to compromise my Christian values — partying and dating guys who weren't Christians.
Encouraged, we recognise the importance of living artistically, aesthetically and creatively as creative creatures of the creator.
"Ricketts was a remarkable scientist and a remarkable character who probably invented modern marine ecology."
"The first director of Hopkins didn’t get along with him so Ricketts would have to wait until he was out of town to sneak into the library with the help of some sympathetic professor."
Ideas, cultures, and histories cannot seriously be understood or studied without their force, or more precisely their configurations of power, also being studied.
Theory is taught so as to make the student believe that he or she can become a Marxist, a feminist, an Afrocentrist, or a deconstructionist with about the same effort and commitment required in choosing items from a menu.
The history of other cultures is non-existent until it erupts in confrontation with the United States.
Fashion is custom in the guise of departure from custom.
Human beings do not wish to be modest; the want to be as expressive — that is, as immodest — as fear allows; fashion helps them solve that paradoxical problem.
It sweetens every bit of work to think that I am doing it in humble, far-off, yet real imitation of Jesus.
Some of His children must go into the furnace to testify that the Son of God is there with them.
One discards rhyme, not because one is incapable of rhyming neat, fleet, sweet, meet, treat, eat, feet but because there are certain emotions or energies which are nor represented by the over-familiar devices or patterns.
Image…that which presents an intellectual and emotional complex in an instant of time.
Poetry must be as well written as prose.
Make it new!
The temple is holy because it is not for sale.
The author's conviction on this day of the New Year is that music begins to atrophy when it departs too far from the dance; that poetry begins to atrophy when it gets too far from music.
Literature is news that STAYS news.
The man of understanding can no more sit quiet and resigned while his country lets literature decay than a good doctor could sit quiet and contented while some ignorant child was infecting itself with tuberculosis under the impression that it was merely eating jam tarts.
Real education must ultimately be limited to one who INSISTS on knowing, the rest is mere sheep-herding.
My worst mistake was the stupid suburban prejudice of anti-Semitism, all along.
As boys without bonds to their fathers grow older and more desperate about their masculinity, they are in danger of forming gangs in which they strut their masculinity for one another, often overdo it, and sometimes turn to displays of fierce, macho bravado and even violence.
But after the intimacy-inducing rituals of puberty, boys who would be men are told we must go it alone, we must achieve our heroism as the Lone Ranger, we must see the other men as threats to our masculine mastery, as objects of competition.
The Glittering Prizes
Part of it went on gambling, and part of it went on women. The rest I spent foolishly
Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, except backwards and in high heels.
She had guts.
The hardest working actress I ever knew.
English is the product of a Saxon warrior trying to make a date with an Angle bar-maid, and as such is no more legitimate than any of the other products of that conversation.
Keep a goverment poor and weak and it's your servant; when it is rich and powerful it becomes your master.
What a man calls his "conscience" is merely the mental action that follows a sentimental reaction after too much wine or love.
Oh yes, there is a vast difference between the savage and the civilized man, but it is never apparent to their wives until after breakfast.
A Bachelor of Arts is one who makes love to a lot of women, and yet has the art to remain a bachelor.
When two people decide to get a divorce, it isn't a sign that they "don't understand" one another, but a sign that they have, at last, begun to.
Some women can be fooled all of the time, and all women can be fooled some of the time, but the same woman can't be fooled by the same man in the same way more than half of the time.
Why does a man take it for granted that a girl who flirts with him wants him to kiss her—when, nine times out of ten, she only wants him to want to kiss her?
It takes one woman twenty years to make a man of her son—and another woman twenty minutes to make a fool of him.
France may claim the happiest marriages in the world, but the happiest divorces in the world are "made in America".
Wedding: the point at which a man stops toasting a woman and begins roasting her.
When a girl marries, she exchanges the attentions of all the other men of her acquaintance for the inattention of just one.
Where there is no law, but every man does what is right in his own eyes, there is the least of real liberty.
"Basically, men are afraid of women and can't handle the fact that they came out of the same thing they spend the rest of their lives trying to get back into."
"Knowledge without Mileage is bullshit to me."
The way of truth is along the path of intellectual sincerity.
The physicist who states a law of nature with the aid of a mathematical formula is abstracting a real feature of a real material world, even if he has to speak of numbers, vectors, tensors, state-functions, or whatever to make the abstraction.
A statement by Safir regarding his future as New York City Police Commissioner in the wake of calls for his resignation.
A statement by Safir in a press release announcing his resignation as New York City Police Commissioner.
A statement by Safir posted on JoinRudy2008.com, Rudy Giuliani's official presidential campaign website
A statement by Safir posted on JoinRudy2008.com, Rudy Giuliani's official presidential campaign website anouncing the creation of "First Responders for Rudy"
veteran lawman Terry Merrifield
He's pond scum, and you can quote me on that.
Rudolph Giuliani, then-Mayor of New York City, announcing the resignation of Howard Safir as New York City Police Commissioner.
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
Sonny, I'm old enough to have changed your nappies.
Right now, computers, which are supposed to be our servant, are oppressing us.
His role on the Macintosh was the initiator of the project, so it wouldn't be here if it weren't for him.
If you bail out every investment bank that gets in trouble, that’s not capitalism, that’s socialism for the rich
Sometimes I think our central bank will keep printing money till we run out of trees
Unfortunately politicians are not very sound people or they wouldn't be politicians.
Do your own homework
Maybe who we are isn't so much about what we do, but rather what we're capable of when we least expect it.
What if it turns out that a life isn't defined by who you belong to, or where you came from, by what you wished for or whom you've lost, but instead by the moments you spend getting from each of these places to the next?
As for charity, it is injurious unless it helps the recipient become independent of it.
My mother and father raised but one question: Is it right, is it duty?
It is wrong to assume that men of immense wealth are always happy.
I know of nothing more despicable and pathetic than a man who devotes all the hours of the waking day to the making of money for money's sake.
God gave me my money.
The most important thing for a young man is to establish a credit—a reputation, character.
The ability to deal with people is as purchasable a commodity as sugar or coffee, and I will pay more for that ability than for any other under the sun.
Try to turn every disaster into an opportunity.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it.
Next to doing the right thing, the most important thing is to let people know you are doing the right thing.
I would rather hire a man with enthusiasm, than a man who knows everything.
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
Good management consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
I don't want a nation of thinkers, I want a nation of workers.
The only question with wealth is, what do you do with it?
My mother and father raised but one question: Is it right, is it duty?
I took responsibility early and, like my parents, I was serious.
The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race.
The principles of justice are chosen behind a veil of ignorance.
To each according to his threat advantage does not count as a principle of justice.
Hard life goes on.
Being born in New York City, tends to lead to big expectations, expectations that I only started to realize after I had left.
In 1995, when I was backpacking through Europe solo, I would head to the train station, look up at the big board, and decide right there and then where I would go that day.
During my youth, I was fascinated by the colors of Van Goth's paintings
Traveling sets me free and I find myself most alive when the culture shock I feel is strongest… Painting is the way I capture, savor and express all these feelings.
Although I do often find inspiration while looking through a camera lens, most of my paintings come as an afterthought back in my studio, while re-living the emotion and excitement of the trip itself.
A Modern Rothko: Color field Paintings by Joseph Pisani
I know that my retirement will make no difference in its [my newspaper's] cardinal principles, that it will always fight for progress and reform, never tolerate injustice or corruption, always fight demagogues of all parties, never belong to any party, always oppose privileged classes and public plunderers, never lack sympathy with the poor, always remain devoted to the public welfare, never be satisfied with merely printing news, always be drastically independent, never be afraid to attack wrong, whether by predatory plutocracy or predatory poverty.
A smart man isn't necessarily one who knows all the answers, but knows where to find them.
Trees don't grow to the sky.
My week beats your year.
Nothing beats 2 guitars, drum and bass.
Anyone that gets to side four is dumber than I am.
Just watch me now.
And I feel just like Jesus' son
When she turned blue, all the angels screamed.
"Just watch," said Sheila, touching her finger to her head.
You made me forget myself; I thought I was someone else, someone good.
I watched it for a little while, I like to watch things on TV
An eye for an eye is elemental.
When I was a little kid I thought I would grow up to be black and sing jazz in nightclubs.
"Inflation, being a fraudulent invasion of property, could not take place on the free market."
"The natural tendency of the state is inflation."
"Harold, the young kids out there are not going to be willing to go to the barricades in defense of lowered transaction costs."
"If a man has the right to self-ownership, to the control of his life, then in the real world he must also have the right to sustain his life by grappling with and transforming resources; he must be able to own the ground and the resources on which he stands and which he must use. In short, to sustain his "human right""
"Behind the honeyed but patently absurd pleas for equality is a ruthless drive for placing themselves (the elites) at the top of a new hierarchy of power."
"Rights may be universal, but their enforcement must be local."
"I define anarchist society as one where there is no legal possibility for coercive aggression against the person or property of any individual."
"John Stuart was the quintessence of soft rather than hardcore, a woolly minded man of mush in striking contrast to his steel-edged father."
"There is one good thing about Marx: he was not a Keynesian."
She didn't want to know how much Ray had paid for it because that had nothing to do with its real value.
You have to get a little untrapped from too much prior knowledge.
If a model itself is “a poor representation of reality,” they write, “determining the sensitivity of an individual parameter in the model is a meaningless pursuit.”
Jesus appeared unto the ancient Nephites, in the northern part of what we call South America…
This loneliness won't leave me alone.
The road to hell is paved with works-in-progress.
I write fiction and I’m told it’s autobiography, I write autobiography and I’m told it’s fiction, so since I’m so dim and they’re so smart, let them decide what it is or it isn’t.
Is an intelligent human being likely to be much more than a large-scale manufacturer of misunderstanding?
Undermining experience, embellishing experience, rearranging and enlarging experience into a species of mythology.
Just like those who are incurably ill, the aged know everything about their dying except exactly when.
It isn’t that you subordinate your ideas to the force of the facts in autobiography but that you construct a sequence of stories to bind up the facts with a persuasive hypothesis that unravels your history’s meaning.
I’m tired of ignorance held up as inspiration, where vicious anti-intellectualism is considered a positive trait, and where uninformed opinion is displayed as fact.
However, science isn't just about showing when you're right; it's also about showing when you're wrong.
If a little kid ever asks you just why the sky is blue, you look him or her right in the eye and say, "It's because of quantum effects involving Rayleigh scattering combined with a lack of violet photon receptors in our retinae."
Just like people, stars can be important without being terribly bright.
Other job markets may lay claim to the title, but astronomy is actually the world's oldest profession.
One had been dismissed — and subsequently executed — for a foiled assassination attempt on a higher ranking student, a second had been killed in the practice arena, and the third died in his bunk of natural causes — for a dagger in the heart quite naturally ends one's life.
I shudder at the concept of a world tamed.
Fly free and happy beyond birthdays and across forever, and we'll meet now and then when we wish, in the midst of the one celebration that never can end.
Not being known doesn't stop the truth from being true.
He wanted so much to ask, and he dared so little to know.
The purpose of this closed session in the Senate chamber is to finally give the truth to at least the members of the Senate—to finally call to task the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Your waistline may be spreading but you can't blame it on the expansion of the universe.
I went through every phone book in Africa, and I didn't find one god damned Pryor!
There are only two pieces of pussy you're gonna get in your entire life, that's your first and your last.
I don't want to go through life as a Wonder Wheel murderer!
On James's view, "true" resembles "good" or "rational" in being a normative notion, a compliment paid to sentences that seem to be paying their way and that fit with other sentences which are doing so.
Philosophy makes progress not by becoming more rigorous but by becoming more imaginative.
Truthfulness under oath is, by now, a matter of our civic religion, our relation to our fellow citizens rather than our relation to a nonhuman power.
If I had to lay bets, my bet would be that everything is going to go to hell, but, you know, what else have we got except hope?
That afternoon I came to understand that one of the deepest purposes of intellectual sophistication is to provide distance between us and our most disturbing personal truths and gnawing fears.
I can't on my own change the regime in South Africa or teach the Palestinians to live with the Israelis, but I can start with me.
When you see the name 'River Phoenix' everywhere; you gotta, like, joke about it.
It might take a few of these films before there's, like, a natural stride with the whole issue and then maybe one day it won't even be an issue, which is what I'm hopeing.
I'm a minor, stupid talent compared to my brother (Joaquin).
"he who enlists a man's mind wields a power even greater than the sword or the scepter,"
The distribution of wealth, therefore, depends on the laws and customs of society.
But despite the clarion words of the Manifesto, the demonic note was not a call for a revolution of communism; it was a cry born only of frustration and despair.
But the process of social change was not merely a matter of new inventions pressing on old institutions: it was a matter of new classes displacing old ones.
" one accumulates or one gets accumulated."
In the periods of crisis, the bigger firms absorb the smaller ones,and when the industrial monsters eventually go down, the wreckage is far greater than when the little enterprises buckle.
If an economy in the doldrums could drift indefinitely, the price of government inaction might be graver by far than the consequences of bold unorthodoxy.
It is from the scope and wisdom of the economists of the past that we must reap the knowledge with which to face the future.
Unlike modern man, who dreams of the world he will make, pre-modern man dreamed of the world he left.
There was no simple riddance to the power of a dangerous political idea; no assassination possible to avert a disruptive change in technology; no natural death to be counted on to stop an economic change that ripped up ancestral estates or stirred up class discontent.
The basic function of the military - to achieve victory over the enemy - has been rendered obsolete by the fact that "victory" and defeat are almost certain to be achieved simultaneously.
The total amount of electric power generated by India would not suffice to light up New York City.
Today and over the foreseeable future,traditional capitalism throughout most of the world has been thrown on a defensive from which it is doubtful that it can never recover.
It is one of the dangerous self-deceptions of our society to pretend that mechanisms of control do not really exist, and to maintain, without qualification, that we are an economically "free" people.
For it is certain that the future will bring realities for which our traditional optimism fails to prepare us and against which our economic momentum fails to arm us.
The rise of the welfare state, on the one hand, and of the military bureaucracy, on the other, are instances of the manner in which technology is enforcing a socialization of life.
We may make progress only by freeing ourselves from the rut of the past, but without this rut an orderly society would hardly be possible in the first place.
The most important thing in my life is to be used by God to make a positive difference in the lives of others.
The budget is a mess - it's time to zero it out and start from scratch.
I am honored to be at the forefront of our battle to ensure that all children have a happy and healthy opportunity at life.
The older we get the less afraid we are.
A man should live forever, or die trying.
Variant: A person should live forever, or die trying.
Shared pain is lessened; shared joy, increased — thus do we refute entropy.
God is an iron… and that's a hot one.
It's always coldest before the warm.
Nikky has more fiber than I do, I guess: he doesn't let a little thing like death slow him down.
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift.
The truth, however, is that a composer need not work in isolation; there is no reason for us to suppose that Reich's popularity and commercial success brands him as a cult figure unworthy of our attention.
Proper evaluations of words and letters in their phonetic and associated sense can bring the people of earth to the clear light of pure cosmic wisdom.
Well, actually, I'm a psychic being, and you know, we don't concern ourselves with being born; we concern ourselves with being eternal; we deal with the spirit.
Freedom of Speech is Freedom of Music.
The best use of laws is to teach men to trample bad laws under their feet.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
What the Puritans gave the world was not thought, but action.
One on God's side is a majority.
Every man meets his Waterloo at last.
Whether in chains or in laurels, Liberty knows nothing but victories.
Truth is one forever absolute, but opinion is truth filtered through the moods, the blood, the disposition of the spectator.
Difference of religion breeds more quarrels than difference of politics.
Revolutions never go backward.
Aristocracy is always cruel.
Since shotguns are not military weapons, your local sporting goods dealer will have good information about them, as long as you aren't black, Spanish, or a white freak.
Never before have self-suffiency and education been so important, and they are virtually inseparable from survival.
This chapter is going to kill and maim more people than all the rest put together, because people just refuse to take things seriously.
Pregnancy is of course confined to women, but it is in other ways significantly different from the typical covered disease or disability.
This result […] will daily stand as a veritable sword of Damocles over every succeeding president and his advisers.
The Constitution requires that Congress treat similarly situated persons similarly, not that it engage in gestures of superficial equality.
The considered professional judgment of the Air Force is that the traditional outfitting of personnel in standardized uniforms encourages the subordination of personal preferences and identities in favor of the overall group mission.
[Jury selection] is best based upon seat-of-the-pants instincts, which are undoubtedly crudely stereotypical and may in many cases be hopelessly mistaken.
A public library does not acquire Internet terminals in order to create a public forum for Web publishers to express themselves, any more than it collects books in order to provide a public forum for the authors of books to speak.
[T]he Constitution does not guarantee the right to acquire information at a public library without any risk of embarrassment.
To the extent that libraries wish to offer unfiltered access, they are free to do so without federal assistance.
The Supreme Court is an institution far more dominated by centrifugal forces, pushing toward individuality and independence, than it is by centripetal forces pulling for hierarchical ordering and institutional unity.
Somewhere "out there," beyond the walls of the courthouse, run currents and tides of public opinion which lap at the courtroom door.
Actually, the Swedish genealogists were so good that I found out more than I wanted to about my Swedish ancestors: one of them in the 17th century was executed for having embezzled funds from an estate for which he was the steward.
A judge who is a 'strict constructionist' in constitutional matters will generally not be favorably inclined toward claims of either criminal defendants or civil rights plaintiffs—the latter two groups having been the principal beneficiaries of the Supreme Court's 'broad constructionist' reading of the Constitution.
Our judges will not continue to represent the diverse face of America if only the well-to-do or the mediocre are willing to become judges.
And so tonight — to you, the great silent majority of my fellow Americans — I ask for your support.
In the United States today, we have more than our share of the nattering nabobs of negativism.
There's no question that all the generations got excited about the first flights, with Kennedy's inspiration to go to the moon, leaving the planet for the first time, and fortunately coming back.
I know you're all saying I can go to the moon but I can't find Pasadena.
We need a continuing presence in space.
I think about the personal accomplishment, but there's more of a sense of the grand achievement by all the people who could put this man on the moon.
I just wanted to be the first one to fly for America, not because I'd end up in the pages of history books.
The same way people are now paying a couple thousand dollars to fly to other parts of the world, people will be paying $50,000 to spend a weekend on a space station.
We're going to see passengers in space stations in 15 years, who will be able to buy a ticket and spend a weekend in space.
With the passing of Alan Shepard, our nation has lost an outstanding patriot, one of its finest pilots -and I have lost a very close friend.
One can make the argument that the success of the Shepard flight enabled the decision to go to the moon.
Certainly Shepard's flight was a major moment in American history and it clearly showed we were going to respond to the Soviet challenge.
"What’s wrong with denouncing white interlopers?"
Though there were over 200 policemen standing around, none of them made a move to grab him.
Crime is going down everywhere but in the New York City Police Department.
If Jews want to get it on, tell them to pin their yarmulkes back and come over to my house.
I'm starting to realize that touring really involves a lot of waiting around doing nothing.
A song is not just a collection of melodic riffs, it is an emotional statement.
There's a big difference between playing shows for fun, and playing shows because you're in desperate need of the money.
I think as a musician you really have to have a wide variety of tastes, or else you will unconsciously get into a rut.
If anything I probably gravitate to things with great melodies/harmonies, and interesting/syncopated beats.
I find a lot of club music extremely boring.
Silicon approaches certain fundamental limits; organic bliss is the soul catcher.
There is just no sensible, logical reason why we would not make use of stem cell research.
Resolutions are flying like snowflakes around here.
There are no more geniuses, only critics.
I have never seen faces, but because I have looked people in the eye, only their gazes.
This guy is just fumbling around.
I think that gay marriage should be between a man and a woman.
The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
I hope it won’t come as a surprise to anyone that a big part of male homosexual behavior is interest in young boys.
Humans are alive, therefore life must be complex.
And there hasn't been much progress in Darwinism since [the life of Darwin].
Yes, [I spent] two long years, traveling all over the United States, all over Europe, interviewing many, many, many people who had been thrown out of their academic jobs because they taught that there was a possibility of life coming from something other than Darwinism, who thought that possibly random selection and mutations didn't account for the universe, didn't account for gravity, didn't account for why nobody had ever seen an individual species evolve -- no one's ever seen an individual species evolve!"
The scientific community says that if you even mention God as causes of anything scientific, you're gone.
Love of God and compassion and empathy leads you to a very glorious place- science leads you to killing people.
There's an old saying in Hollywood: It's not the length of your film, it's how you use it.
People like to define you through what they’ve seen you do … There are aspects of my personality, I guess, that come through on-screen, but I don’t sit around thinking, I’ve been a bumbling suitor all my life.
The only solution to pollution is a people's humane revolution.
We're here to re-dedicate you to The Power, The Passion, The Mystery, and The Ministry of Rock and Roll.
"You aint a bueaty but hey you're all right"
"you got to live with what you can't rise above "
In all my years in this business he is the only person I've met who cares absolutely nothing about money.
When Bruce Springsteen sings on his new album, that's not 'fun', that's fucking triumph, man.
The label of liberalism is hardly a sentence to public igominy: otherwise Bruce Springsteen would still be rehabilitating used Cadillacs in Asbury Park and Jane Fonda, for all we know, would be just another overweight housewife.
The reason I’m running for president is because I can’t be Bruce Springsteen.
God you're weird.
That is absolutely disgusting.
If you're going to be a whore, be a high-priced whore.
It's okay — I know.
She thought it was funny that people thought they were important.
She would do almost anything that came into her head.
Her looks, her expressions, I think, were her sense of humour.
She made you feel privileged to be there.
Edie saw herself as tough like a little tomboy.
There's no system foolproof enough to defeat a sufficiently great fool.
Two paradoxes are better than one; they may even suggest a solution.
When you fight for a desperate cause and have good reasons to fight, you usually win.
It would have been a better world without Teller.
Genius is the ability to look at things simply.
The history of mankind is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations on the part of man toward woman.
In entering upon the great work before us, we anticipate no small amount of misconception, misrepresentation, and ridicule; but we shall use every instrumentality within our power to effect our object.
I don't intend to write depressing songs and I'd probably rather write happy ones
There's some records that sell millions of copies, that it's really unclear if anybody liked it who was making it, y'know?
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
All women love a good geek, and those who tell you otherwise are lying.
Seemingly, this society wants its children to know nothing; wants its queer children to conform or (and this is not a figure of speech) die; and wants not to know that it is getting what it wants.
One of the things that 'queer' can refer to: the open mesh of possibilities, gaps, overlaps, dissonances and resonances, lapses and excesses of meaning when the constituent elements of anyone's gender, of anyone's sexuality aren't made (or can't be made) to signify monolithically.
Every great work, every big accomplishment, has been brought into manifestation through holding to the vision, and often just before the big achievement, comes apparent failure and discouragement.
You can't get good marks if you're popular.
The survival of this country depends upon letting the world know we have the power and the ability to use it if the occasion demands.
His lifetime of service has touched the lives of every Sailor privileged to serve aboard this ship and will continue to do so for many years to come.
I am merely trying to illustrate one of the fundamental facts about American journalism today, the fact that the servants of the press lords are slaves very much as they have always been, and that any attempt at revolt is immediately punished with the economic weapon.
But every day I go to work I'm making a bet that the universe is simple, symmetric, and aesthetically pleasing—a universe that we humans, with our limited perspective, will someday understand.
As if he needed me to say "Slam Dunk" to go to war with Iraq.
In Germany I ingested the entire contents of the hotel mini-bar before a show and stuck my fingers in this guy's nostrils because I thought they would fit.
If you remember the Sixties, you weren't there.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
To build the best piano possible.
Build to a standard, not a price.
Make no compromise in quality.
Strive always to improve the instrument.
Over Christmas, Allen Newell and I created a thinking machine.
The world you perceive is drastically simplified model of the real world.
"If something cannot go on forever, it will stop."
"Economists are very good at saying that something cannot go on forever, but not so good at saying when it will stop."
Not only is the destiny of the individual bound up with the entire Church; it is responsible for helping to sanctify the entire world of nature and history.
Reserved as he [Confucius] was about the supernatural, he was not without it; somewhere in the universe there was a power that was on the side of right.
We are a blend of dust and divinity.
Every time we are confronted with a new revolution we take to the opium pipes of our own propaganda.
A certain moral imbecility marks all ethnocentric movements.
All governments lie, but disaster lies in wait for countries whose officials smoke the same hashish they give out.
I thought I might teach philosophy but the atmosphere of a college faculty repelled me; the few islands of greatness seemed to be washed by seas of pettiness and mediocrity.
Music's exclusive function is to structure the flow of time and keep order in it.
"My music is best understood by children and animals."
"What I cannot follow are the manic-depressive fluctuations from total control to no control, from the serialization of all elements to chance."
"Composers combine notes, that's all."
"The trouble with music appreciation in general is that people are taught to have too much respect for music; they should be taught to love it instead."
"Doomed to total failure in a deaf world of ignorance and indifference, he inexorably kept on cutting out his diamonds, his dazzling diamonds, of whose mines he had a perfect knowledge."
Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal.
We must believe in free will — we have no choice.
I am thankful, of course, for the prize and thankful to God for each story, each idea, each word, each day.
When you betray somebody else, you also betray yourself.
I don't invent characters because the Almightly has already invented millions… Just like experts at fingerprints do not create fingerprints but learn how to read them.
The analysis of character is the highest human entertainment.
A story to me means a plot where there is some surprise… Because that is how life is — full of surprises.
Our knowledge is a little island in a great ocean of nonknowledge.
When I was a little boy, they called me a liar, but now that I am grown up, they call me a writer.
If Moses had been paid newspaper rates for the Ten Commandments, he might have written the Two Thousand Commandments.
I love chess, but it's the height of decadence.
"Economy is essential to all good art."
The overarching issue, as I see it, is the elitism of America's political system; the fact that regular, ordinary Americans aren't considered in policy debates or legislation, and regularly get shafted by the powers-that-be in Washington.
Country comes before politics.
I should get a weekend show where all I do is play country music.
We have the power to chose, moment by moment, who and how we want to be in the world.
And we’ll never be as young as we are right now
I'm sorry, but anyone who thinks the use of an angelic (or seemingly angelic character), whose likes have been written about for, oh, about 4,000 years, is ripping off Star Trek, has his head so thoroughly up his ass as to have blipped into an entirely new intestinally-based reality and desperately needs to get a wider frame of reference.
Even Zathras say, Braves suck.
Your assumption, and the truth, dine at totally separate tables.
Stun settings are for people who can't commit.
The secret of Big Macs is that they're not very good, but every one is not very good in exactly the same way.
Most college students, fortunately, are brash enough never to bother asking their elders for advice, which, in the field of computer science, is a good thing, because their elders are apt to say goofy, antediluvian things like "the demand for keypunch operators will exceed 100,000,000 by the year 2010" and "lisp careers are really very hot right now."
Full service brokers, in this day and age of low cost mutual funds and discount brokers, are really nothing more than machines for ripping off retail investors.
Smart, and Gets Things Done
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
The strong man is he who knows how and is able to become and be himself; the magnanimous man is he who, being strong, knows how and is able to issue forth from himself, as from a fortress, to guide, protect, encourage, and save others.
However firmly thou holdest to thy opinions, if truth appears on the opposite side, throw down thy arms at once.
After all, a district judge who gives harsh sentences to Yankees fans and lenient sentences to Red Sox fans would not be acting reasonably even if her procedural rulings were impeccable.
I apologize for the insensitivity of my remarks with respect to the mayor or his family, however I think it is important to note that this decision involves potential risk to innocent people.
The discipline of the written word punishes both stupidity and dishonesty.
Writers are a little below clowns and a little above trained seals.
The profession of book-writing makes horse-racing seem like a solid, stable business.
In utter loneliness a writer tries to explain the inexplicable.
Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard.
Four hoarse blasts of a ship’s whistle still raise the hair on my neck and set my feet to tapping.
The sound of a jet, an engine warming up, even the clopping of shod hooves on pavement brings on the ancient shudder, the dry mouth and vacant eye, the hot palms and the churn of stomach high up under the rib cage.
When the virus of restlessness begins to take possession of a wayward man, and the road away from Here seems broad and straight and sweet, the victim must first find himself a good and sufficient reason for going.
And now, our submarines are armed with mass murder, our sill, only defense against mass murder.
This monster of a land, this mightiest of nations, this spawn of the future, turns out to be the macrocosm of microcosm me.
He wasn't involved with a race that could build a thing it had to escape from.
I wonder why progress looks so much like destruction.
Life could not change the sun or water the dessert, so it changed itself.
Sectional football games have the glory and the despair of war, and when a Texas team takes the field against a foreign state, it is an army with banners.
A question is a trap, and an answer your foot in it.
He doesn't belong to a race clever enough to split the atom but not clever enough to live at peace with itself.
Give a critic an inch, he’ll write a play.
Time is the only critic without ambition.
It is true that we are weak and sick and ugly and quarrelsome but if that is all we ever were, we would millenniums ago have disappeared from the face of the earth.
I have owed you this letter for a very long time — but my fingers have avoided the pencil as though it were an old and poisoned tool.
They [free market policies] were never based on solid empirical and theoretical foundations, and even as many of these policies were being pushed, academic economists were explaining the limitations of markets — for instance, whenever information is imperfect, which is to say always.
The left hand of creation
Science is paramount, but presents no challenge to a creed that rests on faith-based belief.
The beauty of science and the nature of scientific revelations constiture part of the modern theologian's perspective and toolbox.
Four predictions of the Big Bang Theory have now been verified - surely enough to quench even the most biased critics.
One can always find inflationary models to explain whatever phenomenon is represented by the flavour of the month.
Nowadays, cosmology seems rather unexciting.
"No man is a minister of Jesus Christ without being a prophet,"
We may come to Jesus and ask Him; He will know all about it; if He comes to a little child, he will adapt himself to the language and capacity of a little child.
All things whatsoever God in his infinite wisdom has seen fit and proper to reveal to us, while we are dwelling in mortality, in regard to our mortal bodies, are revealed to us in the abstract, and independent of affinity of this mortal tabernacle, but are revealed to our spirits precisely as though we had no bodies at all.
A person may profit by noticing the first intimation of the spirit of revelation; for instance, when you feel pure intelligence flowing into you, it may give you sudden strokes of ideas, so that by noticing it, you may find it fulfilled the same day or soon; [that is,] those things that were presented unto your minds by the Spirit of God, will come to pass; and thus by learning the Spirit of God and understanding it, you may grow into the principle of revelation, until you become perfect in Christ Jesus.
I could explain a hundred fold more than I ever have of the glories of the kingdoms manifested to me in the vision, were I permitted, and were the people prepared to receive them.
It is my meditation all the day, and more than my meat and drink, to know how I shall make the Saints of God comprehend the visions that roll like an overflowing surge before my mind.
The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching.
"You have to learn how to be Gods yourselves, and be kings and priests to God, the same as all Gods have done before you, namely by going from one small degree to another, and from a small capacity to a great one: from grace to grace FROM EXALTATION TO EXALTATION until you ATTAIN THE RESURRECTION OF THE DEAD."
[A]ll will be raised by the power of God, having spirit in their bodies, and not blood.
An angel of God never has wings.
"The heads (Plural) of the Gods appointed one God for us; and when you take that view of the subject, it sets one free to see all the beauty, holiness and perfection of the Gods."
One of the grand fundamental principles of Mormonism is to receive truth, let it come from whence it may.
We should gather all the good and true principles in the world and treasure them up, or we shall not come out true Mormons.
Mormonism, is the pure doctrine of Jesus Christ; of which I myself am not ashamed.
Our missionaries are going forth to different nations, and in Germany, Palestine, New Holland, the East Indies, and other places, the standard of truth has been erected: no unhallowed hand can stop the work from progressing, persecutions may rage, mobs may combine, armies may assemble, calumny may defame, but the truth of God will go forth boldly, nobly, and independent till it has penetrated every continent, visited every clime, swept every country, and sounded in every ear, till the purposes of God shall be accomplished and the great Jehovah shall say the work is done.
A religion that does not require the sacrifice of all things never has power sufficient to produce the faith necessary unto life and salvation.
A man is saved no faster than he gets knowledge, for if he does not get knowledge, he will be brought into captivity by some evil power in the other world.
A man may act as proxy for his own relatives; the ordinances of the Gospel which were laid out before the foundations of the world have thus been fulfilled by them, and we may be baptized for those whom we have much friendship for; but it must first be revealed to the man of God, lest we should run too far.
If you expect perfection out of me, then I will expect it from you.
I am not learned, but I have as good feelings as any man.
Deep water is what I am wont to swim in.
Go tell your general for me that if he does not immediately withdraw his men, I will send them to hell!
No, I am not afraid; the Lord said he would protect me, and I have full confidence in His word.
Some have supposed that Brother Joseph could not die; but this is a mistake: it is true there have been times when I have had the promise of my life to accomplish such and such things, but, having now accomplished those things, I have not at present any lease of my life, I am as liable to die as other men.
If my life is of no value to my friends it is of none to myself.
If you go back I will go with you, but we shall be butchered.
Oh Lord, my God!
Your name shall be known for good and evil throughout the world.
I teach them correct principles and they govern themselves.
"If I revealed all that has been made known to me, scarcely a man on this stand would stay with me"?
"No one can ever enter the celestial kingdom unless he is strictly honest."
Perhaps the most important contribution to science that the Royal Society has made in its three centuries of existence is its early role in publishing Newton's masterful account of his discoveries.
Limitations force you to find the essence of what you want to say, which is one of the most important things to know for an artist.
To me, where theater has it all over film is that it’s in the moment, it’s tactile, you feel it …You’re completely immersed in it — right here and right now.
It’s not difficult to see why Taymor, with her penchant for folk tales and fascination with the cycles of life, would be attracted to the epic tale of an ordinary boy who must cross the thresholds of death and rebirth to claim the mantle of hero.
What happened to Riggs?
What's your name, new best friend?
In Hollywood, you just kind of fail upwards.
There would always be a bunch of fucking grousers and nay-sayers being like "that was uncalled for."
"Look at my dick."
NJ is saying "We love dirty oral on the Down Low, but no going steady."
Variant: If the Germans had dropped atomic bombs on cities instead of us, we would have defined the dropping of atomic bombs on cities as a war crime, and we would have sentenced the Germans who were guilty of this crime to death at Nuremberg and hanged them.
Even if we accept, as the basic tenet of true democracy, that one moron is equal to one genius, is it necessary to go a further step and hold that two morons are better than one genius?
Variant: I'm all in favor of the democratic principle that one idiot is as good as one genius, but I draw the line when someone takes the next step and concludes that two idiots are better than one genius.
I'm looking for a market for wisdom.
A scientist's aim in a discussion with his colleagues is not to persuade, but to clarify.
Science is progressing at such a rapid rate that when you make a prediction and think you are ahead of your time by 100 years you may be ahead of your time by 10 at most.
Don't lie if you don't have to.
A man's clarity of judgment is never very good when you're involved, and as you grow older, and as you grow more involved, your clarity of judgment suffers.
Segregation is evil; there is no pattern of life which can dehumanize men as can the way of segregation.
The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists in the circulation of their blood.
Don't laugh at a youth for his affectations; he is only trying on one face after another to find his own.
I cannot forgive my friends for dying; I do not find these vanishing acts of theirs at all amusing.
What music is more enchanting than the voices of young people, when you can't hear what they say?
The test of a vocation is the love of the drudgery it involves.
It is the wretchedness of being rich that you have to live with rich people.
To suppose, as we all suppose, that we could be rich and not behave as the rich behave, is like supposing that we could drink all day and keep absolutely sober.
How many of our daydreams would darken into nightmares if there seemed any danger of their coming true!
There are few sorrows, however poignant, in which a good income is of no avail.
The indefatigable pursuit of an unattainable perfection, even though it consist in nothing more than the pounding of an old piano, is what alone gives a meaning to our life on this unavailing star.
People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
All Reformers, however strict their social conscience, live in houses just as big as they can pay for.
Most people sell their souls, and live with a good conscience on the proceeds.
When they come downstairs from their Ivory Towers, Idealists are very apt to walk straight into the gutter.
Thank heavens, the sun has gone in, and I don't have to go out and enjoy it.
The true architectural art, that art toward which I would lead you, rests, not upon scholarship but upon human powers; and, therefore, it is to be tested, not by the fruits of scholarship, but by the touch-stone of humanity.
What are books but folly, and what is an education but an arrant hypocrisy, and what is art but a curse when they touch not the heart and impel it not to action?
Variant: To teach is to touch the heart and impel it to action.
The beauty of physics lies in the extent to which seemingly complex and unrelated phenomena can be explained and correlated through a high level of abstraction by a set of laws which are amazing in their simplicity.
Oh, happy Perthday!
I think visual literacy and media literacy is not without value, but I think plain old-fashioned text literacy and mathematical literacy are much more powerful and flexible ways to organize your mind.
Tris was pudgy and not especially good looking, but she had the personality of a beautiful girl because she'd been raised in a math.
But in that we started so many things in that moment, we brought to their ends many others that have been the subject matter of this account, and so here is where I draw a line across the leaf and call it the end.
And so she lived…hopefully…ever after.
There are two million interesting people in New York and only seventy-eight in Los Angeles.
When code and comments disagree, both are probably wrong.
The man who has given himself to his country loves it better; the man who has fought for his friend honors him more; the man who has labored for his community values more highly the interests he has sought to conserve; the man who has wrought and planned and endured for the accomplishment of God's plan in the world sees the greatness of it, the divinity and glory of it, and is himself more perfectly assimilated to it.
God forgives; forgives not capriciously, but with wise, definite, Divine prearrangement; forgives universally, on the ground of an atonement, and on the condition of repentance and faith.
Always carry with you into the pulpit a sense of the immense consequences which may depend on your full and faithful presentation of the truth.
Whether you do your work with notes or without them, do it courageously, earnestly, with devotion; with a glad sense of the greatness of it, and a full consecration of every force and faculty to it.
I verily believe that the kingdom of God advances more on spoken words than it does on essays written and read; on words, that is, in which the present feeling and thought of the teaching mind break into natural and forceful expression.
Probably the most original and significant sculptor of his generation, certainly the most provocative.
The GNU GPL was not designed to be "open source".
Geeks like to think that they can ignore politics, you can leave politics alone, but politics won't leave you alone.
Fighting patents one by one will never eliminate the danger of software patents, any more than swatting mosquitoes will eliminate malaria.
I have not seen anyone assume that all the citizens of New York are guilty of murder, violence, robbery, perjury, or writing proprietary software.
We need to teach people to refuse to install non-free plug-ins; we need to teach people to care more about their long-term interest of freedom than their immediate desire to view a particular site.
It is funny, but I’m disappointed that it accentuates the shallow.
No person, no idea, and no religion deserves to be illegal to insult, not even the Church of Emacs
Laws that opress people have no moral authority
Even I, the only man in the world who can get angry from looking at a picture of a penguin, find this bad news.
Snow is so beautiful, it doesn't have to be useful.
You can use any editor you want, but remember that vi vi vi is the text editor of the beast.
The Adobe flash plug-in is non-free software, and people should not install it, or suggest installing it, or even tell people it exists.
"If you need drugs to be a good writer, you're not a good writer."
"I was a Christmas present that was delivered unwraped." (on being born Christmas day)
My father has always been supportive of my individuality.
An individual who isn't worth the ink it would take to write about him.
It's traumatizing for me to come to Washington during a Republican administration because I don't have any Republican clothes.
All fiction may be autobiography, but all autobiography is of course fiction.
If I grew up in the simple-minded belief that women were as strong and intelligent as men, it was because I came from a society that had once believed it.
Racism is a system of power and in the absence of power you cannot be considered a racist.
The truth is, all we ever cared to do was top the bullshit hair metal bands that enjoyed undue success for their subpar existence.
I strive never to forget the real world consequences of my decisions on individuals, businesses and government.
Without question, Steve is the best Broadway lyricist, past or present.
The most expensive habit in the world is celluloid, not heroin, and I need a fix every few years.
I dream for a living.
I interviewed survivors, I went to Poland, saw the cities and spent time with the people and spoke to the Jews who had come back to Poland after the war and talked about why they had come back.
If you did not suffer from emotions, from feelings, you could be as powerful as we are.
Once in one's life, for one mortal moment, one must make a grab for immortality; if not, one has not lived
In the history of education, the most striking phenomenon is that schools of learning, which at one epoch are alive with a ferment of genius, in a succeeding generation exhibit merely pedantry and routine.
To punish the foe — especially the vanquished foe — for conduct in which the enforcing nation has engaged, would be so grossly inequitable as to discredit the laws themselves.
I wished that I were the owner of every southern slave, that I might cast off the shackles from their limbs, and witness the rapture which would excite them in the first dance of their freedom.
I will be satisfied if my epitaph shall be written thus: "Here lies one who never rose to any eminence, who only courted the low ambition to have it said that he striven to ameliorate the condition of the poor, the lowly, the downtrodden of every race and language and color."
I repose in this quiet and secluded spot not from any natural preference for solitude, but finding other cemeteries limited as to race by charter rules, I chosen this that I might illustrate in my death the principles which I advocated through a long life: EQUALITY OF MAN BEFORE HIS CREATOR.
He that hath a trade, hath an estate.
All free governments are managed by the combined wisdom and folly of the people.
Whoever cracked Thaddeus Stevens' skull would let out the brains of the Republican Party.
Love's a different sort of thing, hot enough to make you flow into something, interflow, cool and anneal and be welded stronger than what you started with.
A science fiction story is a story built around human beings, with a human problem and a human solution, which would not have happened at all without its scientific content.
If All Men Were Brothers, Would You Let One Marry Your Sister?
You internet people scare the shit out of me.
I don't know much about that whole grunge thing.
Todd Snider is a true songwriter, with the heart and humor of John Prine, the wild unpredictability of Roger Miller, and a fresh, original spirit and freedom of imagination that's absolutely his own.
Blow me a raspberry.
All I see is people out there who are hungry for more.
Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous.
Having said that, I don't want to hug the tar baby of trying to comment on the program — the alleged program — the existence of which I can neither confirm nor deny.
Okay, we will divide the first [of two questions] and let the second die a crib death.
Well, thank you for the Hezbollah view.
Look, I hate to tell you, but it's not always pretty up there on Capitol Hill and there have been other scandals as you know that have been more than simply naughty e-mails.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
The piecemeal criticism which, like the fly, scans only the edge of a plinth in the great edifice upon which it crawls, disappears under a criticism that is all-comprehending and all-surveying.
There is just now a great clamor and demand for "culture;" but it is not so much culture that is needed as discipline.
Is it for the cultivated man, the man of broad and general views, to throw himself without reserve and with all his weight, into what, for aught he yet knows, may be only a cross-current and eddy, instead of the main stream of truth?
The welfare of the farmer is vital to that of the whole country.
If humor be the safety of our race, then it is due largely to the infusion into the American people of the Irish brain.
I have come to the conclusion that the major part of the work of a President is to increase the gate receipts of expositions and fairs and bring tourists to town.
I am in favor of helping the prosperity of all countries because, when we are all prosperous, the trade of each becomes more valuable to the other.
The intoxication of power rapidly sobers off in the knowledge of its restrictions and under the prompt reminder of an ever-present and not always considerate press, as well as the kindly suggestions that not infrequently come from Congress.
Next to the right of liberty, the right of property is the most important individual right guaranteed by the Constitution and the one which, united with that of personal liberty, has contributed more to the growth of civilization than any other institution established by the human race.
Socialism proposes no adequate substitute for the motive of enlightened selfishness that to-day is at the basis of all human labor and effort, enterprise and new activity.
The world is not going to be saved by legislation.
We live in a stage of politics, where legislators seem to regard the passage of laws as much more important than the results of their enforcement.
Substantial progress toward better things can rarely be taken with out developing new evils requiring new remedies.
The President cannot make clouds to rain and cannot make the corn to grow, he cannot make business good; although when these things occur, political parties do claim some credit for the good things that have happened in this way.
The truth is that in my present life I don’t remember that I ever was president.
Politics, when I am in it, makes me sick.
Presidents come and go, but the Supreme Court goes on forever.
Enthusiasm for a cause sometimes warps judgment.
No tendency is quite so strong in human nature as the desire to lay down rules of conduct for other people.
Love one another.
There is no social life outside of Christendom.
Modern engineers, after having erected a viaduct, insist upon subjecting it to a severe strain by a formal trial trip, before allowing it to be opened for public traffic; and it would almost seem that God, in employing moral agents for the carrying out of His purposes, secures that they shall be tested by some dreadful ordeal, before He fully commits to them the work which He wishes them to perform.
The lack of brotherhood among believers themselves has paralyzed the church in front of the skepticism and immorality of the world; but when we go back in simple faith to the one great fact of our redemption, we shall be both brought into closer fellowship with each other, and stimulated to more tender regard for the salvation of men.
It is better to have a plain, substantial building, with no extravagance about it, but without a debt, than to have the most splendid specimen of Gothic architecture that is overlaid by a mortgage.
We can set our deeds to the music of a grateful heart, and seek to round our lives into a hymn — the melody of which will be recognized by all who come in contact with us, and the power of which shall not be evanescent, like the voice of the singer, but perenninal, like the music of the spheres.
The whole track of history is marked with the ruin of empires which having been founded in injustice, or perpetuated by wrong, were ultimately destroyed.
God sifted a whole nation that he might send choice grain over into this wilderness.
In Paris on a chilling evening late in October of 1985 I first became fully aware that the struggle with the disorder in my mind — a struggle which had engaged me for several months — might have a fatal outcome.
My brain, in thrall to its outlaw hormones, had become less an organ of thought than an instrument registering, minute by minute, varying degrees of its own suffering.
My life and work have been far from free of blemish, and so I think it would be unpardonable for a biographer not to dish up the dirt.
I regard the death and mangling of a couple thousand men as a small affair, a kind of morning dash — and it may be well that we become so hardened.
Atlanta is ours, and fairly won.
An army to be useful must be a unit, and out of this has grown the saying, attributed to Napoleon, but doubtless spoken before the days of Alexander, that an army with an inefficient commander was better than one with two able heads.
War is Hell.
I can make this march, and I will make Georgia howl!
I hereby state, and mean all I say, that I never have been and never will be a candidate for President; that if nominated by either party I should peremptorily decline; and even if unanimously elected I should decline to serve.
I will not accept if nominated, and will not serve if elected.
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like.
Say to the seceded States, "Wayward sisters, depart in peace."
Effective science teaching calls for active contact with research and that teachers need to mingle with other scientists and to know what is going on in the field.
The national research effort, upon which so much depends, will remain healthy only so long as there is sound core of disinterested search for new knowledge and an adequate number of men and women trained for carrying on such research and for teaching young scientists.
It may also be pertinent to ask whether a greater effort in the less expensive basic stages of research may not lead to reductions of effort in the far costlier stages of development and prototype construction.
I want to be the poster girl for engineers and computer nerds.
There is a quality of life which lies always beyond the mere fact of life; and when we include the quality in the fact, there is still omitted the quality of the quality.
By relieving the brain of all unnecessary work, a good notation sets it free to concentrate on more advanced problems, and in effect increases the mental power of the race.
I have always noticed that deeply and truly religious persons are fond of a joke, and I am suspicious of those who aren’t.
It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious.
All the world over and at all times there have been practical men, absorbed in 'irreducible and stubborn facts': all the world over and at all times there have been men of philosophic temperament, who have been absorbed in the weaving of general principles.
The science of pure mathematics, in its modern developments, may claim to be the most original creation of the human spirit.
The greatest invention of the nineteenth century was the invention of the method of invention.
Religion is the vision of something which stands beyond, behind and within the passing flux of immediate things; something which is real, and yet waiting to be realized; something which is a remote possibility, and yet the greatest of present facts; something that gives meaning to all that passes, and yet eludes apprehension; something whose possession is the final good, and yet is beyond all reach; something which is the ultimate ideal, and the hopeless quest.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous; and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties.
The chief error in philosophy is overstatement.
Rationalism is an adventure in the clarification of thought.
The ultimate metaphysical principle is the advance from disjunction to conjunction, creating a novel entity other than the entities given in disjunction.
Without doubt, if we are to go back to that ultimate, integral experience, unwarped by the sophistications of theory, that experience whose elucidation is the final aim of philosophy, the flux of things is one ultimate generalization around which we must weave our philosophical system.
The oneness of the universe, and the oneness of each element of the universe, repeat themselves to the crack of doom in the creative advance from creature to creature, each creature including in itself the whole of history and exemplifying the self-identity of things and their mutual diversities.
The chief danger to philosophy is narrowness in the selection of evidence.
The theme of Cosmology, which is the basis of all religions, is the story of the dynamic effort of the World passing into everlasting unity, and of the static majesty of God's vision, accomplishing its purpose of completion by absorption of the World's multiplicity of effort.
Life is an offensive, directed against the repetitious mechanism of the Universe.
The human body is an instrument for the production of art in the life of the human soul.
A general definition of civilization: a civilized society is exhibiting the five qualities of truth, beauty, adventure, art, peace.
The deliberate aim at Peace very easily passes into its bastard substitute, Anesthesia.
The deepest definition of youth is life as yet untouched by tragedy.
Intelligence is quickness to apprehend as distinct from ability, which is capacity to act wisely on the thing apprehended.
Our minds are finite, and yet even in these circumstances of finitude we are surrounded by possibilities that are infinite, and the purpose of human life is to grasp as much as we can out of the infinitude.
A culture is in its finest flower before it begins to analyze itself.
Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience, and our aesthetic enjoyment in recognition of the pattern.
With the sense of sight, the idea communicates the emotion, whereas, with sound, the emotion communicates the idea, which is more direct and therefore more powerful.
No period of history has ever been great or ever can be that does not act on some sort of high, idealistic motives, and idealism in our time has been shoved aside, and we are paying the penalty for it.
The ultimate goal of mathematics is to eliminate any need for intelligent thought.
I don't feel special … I was just full of energy and loved to learn.
Whatever you've accomplished there's always more to experience.
so the moral of this week is: if u do something really, really stupid in front of someone ur just getting to know &amp; they still think youre awesome, then you got yourself a friend.
I sometimes get a funny feeling, that Alicia Witt has to shut down half her cerebellum to have a conversation with me.
Change is the process by which the future invades our lives.
By instructing students how to learn, unlearn and relearn, a powerful new dimension can be added to education.
Tomorrow's illiterate will not be the man who can't read; he will be the man who has not learned how to learn.
The cardinal doctrine of a fanatic's creed is that his enemies are the enemies of God.
In the future everyone will be world-famous for 15 minutes.
I've never met a person I couldn't call a beauty.
In some circles where very heavy people think they have very heavy brains, words like "charming" and "clever" and "pretty" are all put-downs; all the lighter things in life, which are the most important things, are put down.
They always say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
"Look at you, turning on me like a Pomeranian!"
"Your body is a temple, whether you're a Jew or not."
[Referring to the radio station program director]: "I'll get him to call me some day, even if it means spilling cheese all over my brassiere at KFI, by gawd."
I want people to know that I’m a real person, and that I’ve been through normal situations, like crushes and heartbreaks.
Marx, as we have seen, solved it by declaring capital to be a different thing from product, and maintaining that it belonged to society and should be seized by society and employed for the benefit of all alike.
The Anarchists never have claimed that liberty will bring perfection; they simply say that its results are vastly preferable to those that follow authority.
Tucker opposed violent revolution and believed in the acheivement of his goals by education: When all are rational egoists, none will submit to exploitation, and by passive resistance they will starve out the state and the monopolists.
The man with the real sense of humor is the man who can put himself in the spectator's place and laugh at his own misfortunes.
I feel like I've been running around a greyhound track chasing one of them bunnies.
It has become this really beautiful network of people, both professional and amateur, that just come together to have a good time depending on what city we're in.
For us the Dresden Dolls were porcelain dolls that were made in that city at the time, that is what they were to us, and also a reference in Slaughterhouse 5 by Kurt Vonnegut, and in a song by The Fall.
That is the spirit of the music: to not leave anyone out, to be inclusive.
Music is one of those things that brings great joy to people, singing is a sort of unifier of people, no matter what political place or original place you come from.
We are a lot more alike than we are different and it's important to remember that.
I think it's important for people to be able to think for themselves and not just flock mentality like: "Yes, leader; yes, band; yes, celebrity; yes, entertainer, whatever you say, I'll do."
The spirit of punk-cabaret is that you fell that you can truly be all of who you are.
The spirit of what we do is that you do what you feel and when you feel it and not feel you have to be something you're not: you have to be honest to yourself.
I mean, there is a certain element that, when you read the bad press about yourself and post it on the web-site, takes the pressure off.
You can't undo the past but you can certainly not repeat it.
This is the war on terrorism; it's worth fighting for.
I wanted to sign up and fight with you guys, but they told me I was too old.
This is the same fight the US fought 60 years ago
We are the fed up grass roots movement of goose flesh, hell bent on living this one life by the way we feel our spines, saying what we mean, refusing to allow the few to preach to the many when it is the many who need to be hearing eachother.
This poem may have meant nothing to you but I am confident that tonight my taking the time to actually write out my anger instead of acting on it has saved the life of at least eleven people in parking enforcement.
The truth is I am a perfect part of the exact point at which all individual human beings meet and the spectrum of voices weaving themselves in between and screaming 'every sick thought you've ever had and every twisted feeling you've ever felt are what make this painting complete.'
Dear Angry Older People, over 21-ish, anyone who considers themselves an adult, still bitter: Next time you're wondering what wrong with kids today, you might wanna check the examples you've been giving us to work with.
If we were created in God's image, then when God was a child he smushed fire ants with his fingertips and avoided tough questions.
Forgiveness is the release of all hope for a better past.
Forgiveness is for anyone who needs safe passage through my mind.
As an exercise of raw judicial power, the Court perhaps has authority to do what it does today; but, in my view, its judgment is an improvident and extravagant exercise of the power of judicial review that the Constitution extends to this Court.
We're the only branch of government that explains itself in writing every time it makes a decision.
While the collateral consequences of drugs such as cocaine are indisputably severe, they are not unlike those which flow from the misuse of other, legal, substances.
The same qualities that made him a memorable jurist would make him a lightning rod for fierce opposition if he were named to the Supreme Court now.
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
To have felt too much is to end in feeling nothing.
"Ilsa" has been such a minor part of my career, that I find it amusing that some persons only know me for that association.
Everyone is born with genius, but most people only keep it a few minutes.
In a sense, one can never read the book that the author originally wrote, and one can never read the same book twice.
Education, the last hope of the liberal in all periods.
It may be that there is nothing more demoralizing than a small but adequate income.
Marxism is the opium of the intellectuals.
Wilson is not like other critics; some critics are boring even when they are original; he fascinates even when he is wrong.
God's beloved Son, leaving the echoes of His cries upon the mountains and the traces of His weary feet upon the streets, shedding His tears over the tombs and His blood upon Golgotha, associating His life with our homes, and His corpse with our sepulchres, shows us how we, too, may be sons in the humblest vale of life, and sure of sympathy in heaven amid the deepest wrongs and sorrows of earth.
All other great men are valued for their lives; He, above all, for His death, around which mercy and truth, righteousness and peace, God and man are reconciled; for the cross is the magnet which sends the electric current through the telegraph between earth and heaven, and makes both Testaments thrill, through the ages of the past and future, with living, harmonious, and saving truth.
In His discourses, His miracles, His parables, His sufferings, His resurrection, He gradually raises the pedestal of His humanity before the world, but under a cover, until the shaft reaches from the grave to the heavens, whenHe lifts the curtain, and displays the figure of a man on a throne, for the worship of the universe; and clothing His church with His own power, He authorizes it to baptize and to preach remission of sins in His own name.
Christ is a rock in a weary land, a covert from the tempest of Divine justice, receiving through the ages the snows of Divine mercy, and melting them for the green pastures and still waters of God's peaceful flock — a rock against which wicked men and devils have breathed their empty curses in vain, for eighteen hundred years.
Go to Dahomey, Ashantee, Caffraria, Malaisia, — anywhere; search out the rudest people on earth; draw a picture of its vices and cruelties, make it as black as you can, and we will parallel it by pictures of Greece under Pericles and of Rome under Cicero.
Even before string theory, especially as physics developed in the 20th century, it turned out that the equations that really work in describing nature with the most generality and the greatest simplicity are very elegant and subtle.
Irony is an insult conveyed in the form of a compliment.
Honesty is the moral conscience of the great.
If you ask me what I want to achieve, it's to create an awareness, which is already the beginning of teaching.
Indifference, to me, is the epitome of evil.
No one is as capable of gratitude as one who has emerged from the kingdom of night.
In Jewish history there are no coincidences.
It's up to you now, and we shall help you - that my past does not become your future.
The death of the spirit is the price of progress.
If you're so smart, why ain't you rich?
Educators everywhere must seek new ways to promote the idea that learning is something a student does with books and materials, and a teacher who cares; that learning can happen in college and outside; and that a student's intellectual growth depends far less on geography (which college) than on what advantage he takes of the opportunities which surround him wherever he is.
Intelligence test scores and marks in school are not always true indicators of the worth of a student, nor even the power of his intellect.
A month in the laboratory can often save an hour in the library.
It is better to have one seven-foot jumper on your team than any number of six-foot jumpers.
I most enjoy helping to build something up, taking an unformulated enterprise and making it into what it could become.
No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the legislature is in session.
I am at heart a propagandist, a tremendous hater, a tiresome nag, complacently positive that there is no human problem which could not be solved if people would simply do as I advise.
The theater needs continual reminders that there is nothing more debasing than the work of those who do well what is not worth doing at all.
At any given moment, public opinion is a chaos of superstition, misinformation, and prejudice.
The more money an American accumulates the less interesting he himself becomes.
In any case, rather like priests who have forgotten the meaning of the prayers they chant, we shall go on for quite a long time talking of books and writing books, pretending all the while not to notice that the church is empty and the parishioners have gone elsewhere to attend other gods, perhaps in silence or with new words.
That peculiarly American religion, President-worship.
The United States was founded by the brightest people in the country — and we haven't seen them since.
Precocious talents mature slowly if at all.
In any case, write what you know will always be excellent advice to those who ought not to write at all.
Religions are manipulated in order to serve those who govern society and not the other way around.
My father had a deep and lifelong contempt for politicians in general ("They tell lies," he used to say with wonder, "even when they don't have to").
In a nation that has developed to a high art advertising, the creator who refuses to advertise himself is immediately suspected of having no product worth selling.
I suspect that one of the reasons we create fiction is to make sex exciting.
Class is the most difficult subject for American writers to deal with as it is the most difficult for the English to avoid.
Apparently, a democracy is a place where numerous elections are held at great cost without issues and with interchangeable candidates.
Lonely children often have imaginary playmates but I was never lonely; rather, I was solitary, and wanted no company at all other than books and movies, and my own imagination.
By and large, serious fiction was the work of victims who portrayed victims for an audience of victims who, it was oddly assumed, would want to see their lives realistically portrayed.
I have begun writing what I have said I'd never write, a memoir ("I am not my own subject," I used to say with icy superiority).
I used to be able to summon up scenes at will, but now aging memory is so busy weeding its own garden that, promiscuously, it pulls up roses as well as crabgrass.
Celebrities are invariably celebrity-mad, just as liars always believe liars.
Apparently, "conspiracy stuff" is now shorthand for unspeakable truth.
We have ceased to be a nation under law but instead a homeland where the withered Bill of Rights, like a dead trumpet vine, clings to our pseudo-Roman columns.
Whenever a friend succeeds, a little something in me dies.
Envy is the central fact of American life.
As one gets older, litigation replaces sex.
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
Never pass up a chance to have sex or appear on television.
We must always remember that the police are recruited from the criminal classes.
Never have children, only grandchildren.
Man, being essentially active, must find in activity his joy, as well as his beauty and glory; and labor, like every thing else that is good, is its own reward.
A loving trust in the Author of the Bible is the best preparation for a wise study of the Bible.
Jesus has never slept for an hour while one of His disciples watched and prayed in agony.
An over-readiness to criticise or to depreciate a minister of Christ is proof of a lack of devotion to Christ.
Not prayer without faith, nor faith without prayer, but prayer in faith, is the cost of spiritual gifts and graces.
Just as sure as the days go by, Jesus will come to us, looking for fruit; and He will come in personal hunger, needing and longing for the fruit which we might have ready for Him.
The moment you accept God's ordering, that moment your work ceases to be a task, and becomes your calling; you pass from bondage to freedom, from the shadow-land of life into life itself.
There is a great deal too much in the world, of the "heavenly-mindedness" which expends itself in the contemplation of the joys of paradise, which performs no duty which it can shirk, and whose constant prayer is to be lifted in some overwhelming flood of Divine grace, and be carried, amidst the admiration of men and the jubilance of angels, to the very throne of God.
The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
The fate of the country does not depend on how you vote at the polls — the worst man is as strong as the best at that game; it does not depend on what kind of paper you drop into the ballot-box once a year, but on what kind of man you drop from your chamber into the street every morning.
An early morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.
It is a great art to saunter.
And the cost of a thing it will be remembered is the amount of life it requires to be exchanged for it.
For many years I was self-appointed inspector of snowstorms and rainstorms, and did my duty faithfully, though I never received one cent for it.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
The perception of beauty is a moral test.
The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.
Every poet has trembled on the verge of science.
Fire is the most tolerable third party.
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.
Nature is full of genius, full of the divinity; so that not a snowflake escapes its fashioning hand.
That man is richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
It is in vain to dream of a wildness distant from ourselves.
You must love the crust of the earth on which you dwell more than the sweet crust of any bread or cake; you must be able to extract nutriment out of a sand heap.
The savage in man is never quite eradicated.
Truths and roses have thorns about them.
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Idealist as he was, standing for abolition of slavery, abolition of tariffs, almost for abolition of government, it is needless to say he found himself not only unrepresented in actual politics, but almost equally opposed to every class of reformers.
Raise the stone, and thou shalt find me; cleave the wood and there am I.
Self is the only prison that can ever bind the soul.
For real company and friendship, there is nothing outside of the animal kingdom that is comparable to a river.
The mountain is voiceless and imperturbable; and its very loftiness and serenity sometimes make us the more lonely.
The promotion from all-day picnics to a two weeks' camping-trip is like going from school to college.
Every mountain is, rightly considered, an invitation to climb.
Romantic love interests almost everybody, because almost everybody knows something about it, or would like to know.
Christ never asks us to give up merely for the sake of giving up, but always in order to win something better.
The simple life which blandly ignores all care and conflict, soon becomes flabby and invertebrate, sentimental and gelatinous.
No amount of energy will take the place of thought.
The city might be savage, stray dogs might share the streets with grimy urchins whose blank eyes reflected the knowledge that they might soon be covered over, blinded forever, by the same two pennies just begged from some gentleman, and no one in the fuming, fulminous boulevards of trade might know who actually ran Ambergris—or, if anyone ran it at all, but, like a renegade clock, it ran on and wound itself heedless, empowered by the insane weight of its own inertia, the weight of its own citizenry.
An inordinate love of ritual can be harmful to the soul, unless, of course, in times of great crisis, when ritual can protect the soul from fracture.
I could not move or speak for several minutes, frozen in the belief that the book itself had changed and was now writing me.
I had learned so much about the world that I had decided to withdraw from it.
Only a fool would refuse to enter a fool's paradise—when that's the only paradise he'll ever have a chance to enter.
In my time and neighborhood (and in my soul) there was only one standard by which a woman measured success: did some man want her?
We can love an honest rogue, but what is more offensive than a false saint?
The real struggle is not between the right and the left but between the party of the thoughtful and the party of the jerks.
We've always had a love/hate relationship with numbers.
IAR is policy, always has been.
Quite frankly, several of the people who contributed to the article should be banned from coming near a keyboard until they have learned to engage in proper encyclopedia writing.
I regard it as a pseudonym and I don’t really have a problem with it.
I don't see any particular problem with that.
Myspace hurts my eyes.
EssJay was appointed at the request of and unanimous support of the ArbCom.
I have said this many times in the past and will say it many times in the future I am sure: some people need to find a different hobby, because whatever they are here for, it is not to help build an encyclopedia.
Freely licensed textbooks are the next big thing in education.
The more time I spent on the site the more I came to think of Wales as some kind of Queen Ant, letting the vast colony go about its work, at the centre of a system where the knowledge of the community is infinitely larger than the sum of experience of all its individuals.
(sings) 80 Bucks I want my 80 bucks!
He was Himself forsaken that none of His children might ever need to utter His cry of loneliness.
We are pilgrims, not settlers; this earth is our inn, not our home.
At some time, here or hereafter, every account must be settled, and every debt paid in full.
He that would speak Divine things in a language which living men of to-day can comprehend, must keep up with the researches and discoveries of men who study nature, and put her words into the speech of the present.
There can be no rainbow without a cloud and a storm.
In the highest class of God's school of suffering we learn not resignation nor patience, but rejoicing in tribulation.
The teacher should use illustrations for the better teaching of the lesson, and never to fill up time, to amuse the class, or to display his own genius.
You can always tell employees of the government by the total vacancy which occupies the space where most other people have faces.
The all-enclosing freehold of Content.
It's hard to make a cultural phenomenon every time.
An approximate answer to the right question is worth a great deal more than a precise answer to the wrong question.
The combination of some data and an aching desire for an answer does not ensure that a reasonable answer can be extracted from a given body of data.
Wouldn't you rather your kid be a drug dealer than a drug addict?
Josh writes almost from a position of wonder, a person who admires thunderstorms and violent seas, he ponders the life lessons through which he has progressed, appraises, incorporates and evolves methods to deal with harsh reality and learn to use it to one’s own benefit.
There are two great rules of life: never tell everything at once.
All of my decisions I made when I was a kid were decisions, would my mother and father be proud of.
If history has a lesson, it is that the "winner take all" attitude deprives one of the pleasures of being the heir to the best of different traditions, even while avoiding their intolerance against each other.
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
At the bottom of at least popular Marxism there has always been a kind of disgust with humanity as it is and a perfect faith in humanity as it is to be.
It is now life and not art that requires the willing suspension of disbelief.
Somewhere in the child, somewhere in the adult, there is a hard, irreducible, stubborn core of biological urgency, and biological necessity, and biological reason that culture cannot reach and that reserves the right, which sooner or later it will exercise, to judge the culture and resist and revise it.
Every neurosis is a primitive form of legal proceeding in which the accused carries on the prosecution, imposes judgment and executes the sentence: all to the end that someone else should not perform the same process.
We are at heart so profoundly anarchistic that the only form of state we can imagine living in is Utopian; and so cynical that the only Utopia we can believe in is authoritarian.
If one defends the bourgeois, philistine virtues, one does not defend them merely from the demonism or bohemianism of the artist but from the present bourgeoisie itself.
After all, no one is ever taken in by the happy ending, but we are often divinely fuddled by the tragic curtain.
Arnold must have for us the something of the character of what we nowadays have taken to calling a "culture hero": that is, a man who gives himself in full submission and sacrifice to his historical moment in order to comprehend and control the elements which that moment brings.
We have all in some degree become anarchistic.
Even the nonreligious may exercise aesthetic judgment in matters of religion, and indeed our age has given the unbelieving a sophisticated taste in religious literature.
We properly judge a critic's virtue not by his freedom from error but by the nature of the mistakes he does make, for he makes them, if he is worth reading, because he has in mind something besides his perceptions about art in itself — he has in mind the demands that he makes upon life.
We are all ill; but even a universal sickness implies an idea of health.
The poet is in command of his fantasy, while it is exactly the mark of the neurotic that he is possessed by his fantasy.
Some paradox of our natures leads us, when once we have made our fellow men the objects of our enlightened interest, to go on to make them the objects of our pity, then of our wisdom, ultimately of our coercion.
Our culture peculiarly honors the act of blaming, which it takes as the sign of virtue and intellect.
There is no connection between the political ideas of our educated class and the deep places of the imagination.
God has given us our talents, not to copy the talents of others, but rather to use our brains and imagination in order to obtain the revelation of true beauty.
Color is to the eye what music is to the ear.
I have always striven to fix beauty in wood, stone, glass or pottery, in oil or watercolor by using whatever seemed fittest for the expression of beauty, that has been my creed.
God is in the details.
Less is more.
I was able to afford a car that didn't break down every five minutes.
I wasn't brought up with any religion, actually.
Silicon Valley is 130 miles from Sacramento, but it might as well be a million miles away given how it operates.
Be where you're at.
We don't live in our fears, we live in our hopes.
There's going to be some joyful lifting for us if you will in terms of some of the tasks we have to do.
Iron sharpens iron.
More grounded, more humble, more selfless makes us more opportunistic.
I'll tolerate you until I can replace you.
If he were not a football coach, he'd be a shrink.
Every fighter's got a plan until they get hit.
The best material model of a cat is another, or preferably the same, cat.
"There are no answers, only cross references" (Wiener's Law of Libraries )
To live effectively is to live with adequate information.
Until we in the community have made up our minds that what we really want is expiation, or removal, or reform, or or the discouragement of potential criminals, we shall get none of these, but only a confusion in which crime breeds more crime.
What sometimes enrages me and always disappoints and grieves me is the preference of great schools of learning for the derivative as opposed to the original, for the conventional and thin which can be duplicated in many copies rather than the new and powerful, and for arid correctness and limitation of scope and method rather than for universal newness and beauty, wherever it may be seen.
The sense of tragedy is that the world is not a pleasant little nest made for our protection, but a vast and largely hostile environment, in which we can achieve great things only by defying the gods; and that this defiance inevitably brings its own punishment.
A faith which we follow upon orders imposed from outside is no faith, and a community which puts its dependence upon such a pseudo-faith is ultimately bound to ruin itself because of the paralysis which the lack of a healthy growing science imposes upon it.
Mathematics is one of the essential emanations of the human spirit, a thing to be valued in and for itself, like art or poetry.
Cosmology is a science which has only a few observable facts to work with.
I'm talkin about Mountain Dews, baby!
Know your lines and don't bump into the furniture.
He spent considerable time at his clubs; his favorite was the Stuyvesant, because, as he explained to me, its membership was drawn largely from the political and commercial ranks, and he was never drawn into a discussion which required any mental effort
Giving full rein to one‘s cynicism as one goes along produces a normal outlet and maintains an emotional equilibrium.
The mathematicians know a great deal about very little and the physicists very little about a great deal.
Whatever is worth saying, can be stated in fifty words or less.
The first sign of senility is that a man forgets his theorems, the second sign is that he forgets to zip up, the third sign is that he forgets to zip down.
The effort to understand the universe is one of the very few things which lifts human life a little above the level of farce and gives it some of the grace of tragedy.
It seems that scientists are often attracted to beautiful theories in the way that insects are attracted to flowers — not by logical deduction, but by something like a sense of smell.
The more the universe seems comprehensible, the more it also seems pointless.
I hit rock bottom, but thank God my bottom wasn't death.
I am stranded, caught in the crossfire.
Chicago is not the most corrupt American city, it's the most theatrically corrupt.
I never saw a more beautiful woman, enormous eyes, skin the color of Devonshire cream.
Most of the confidence which I appear to feel, especially when influenced by noon wine, is only a pretense.
The theatre is a place where one has time for the problems of people to whom one would show the door if they came to one's office for a job.
A Prayer for the Wild at Heart That Are Kept in Cages
In memory everything seems to happen to music.
Animals have sections in their stomachs which enable them to digest food without mastication, but human beings are supposed to chew their food before they swallow it down… So chew your food and give your salivary glands a chance to function!
Man is by instinct a lover, a hunter, a fighter, and none of those instincts are given much play at the warehouse!
You are the only young man that I know of who ignores the fact that the future becomes the present, the present the past and the past turns into everlasting regret if you don't plan for it!
All pretty girls are a trap, a pretty trap, and men expect them to be.
Things have a way of turning out so badly.
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
We all live in a house on fire, no fire department to call; no way out, just the upstairs window to look out of while the fire burns the house down with us trapped, locked in it.
Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose.
The main activity of programming is not the origination of new independent programs, but in the integration, modification, and explanation of existing ones.
Civilization without its appliances is weaker than barbarism.
The Velvet Underground never sold many records, but, as many have said, it seems like every one of the group's fans went out and started a band.
Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself.
If you want to succeed, double your failure rate.
I think there is a world market for maybe five computers.
By Christmas, with fair luck, he might be eligible for service in khaki: by Spring, if God was good, all the proud privileges of trench-lice, mustard gas, spattered brains, punctured lungs, ripped guts, asphyxiation, mud and gangrene, might be his.
Literature is the orchestration of platitudes.
I would love to be the poet laureate of Coney Island.
Many who have spent a lifetime in it can tell us less of love than the child that lost a dog yesterday.
Wherever you come near the human race there's layers and layers of nonsense.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while it's on your plate — that's my philosophy.
Marriage is a bribe to make a housekeeper think she's a householder.
The superior gratification derived from the use and contemplation of costly and supposedly beautiful products is, commonly, in great measure a gratification of our sense of costliness masquerading under the name of beauty.
The walking stick serves the purpose of an advertisement that the bearer's hands are employed otherwise than in useful effort, and it therefore has utility as an evidence of leisure.
The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
Invention is the mother of necessity.
Though I bequeath you no estate, I leave you in the enjoyment of liberty.
He who sleeps in continual noise is wakened by silence.
The wrecks of slavery are fast growing a fungus crop of sentiment.
The mortality of all inanimate things is terrible to me, but that of books most of all.
Clemens was sole, incomparable, the Lincoln of our literature.
The golden time of Long Ago.
A man is free to go up as high as he can reach up to; but I, with all my style and pep, can't get a man my equal because a girl is always judged by her mother.
Poverty was an ornament on a learned man like a red ribbon on a white horse
The trouble with us is that the ghetto of the Middle Ages and the children of the twentieth century have to live under one roof.
All good work is done in defiance of management.
You will probably have what is called a Christian Church here; they will not admit that we are Christians, but they cannot think us further from the plan of salvation as revealed from heaven than we know them to be, so we are even on that ground, as far as it goes.
This is the reason why the doctrine of plurality of wives was revealed, that the noble spirits who are waiting for tabernacles might be brought forth
[W]e shall continue to do it until God tell us to stop, or until we pass into sin and iniquity, which will never be.
The Lord chose Joseph Smith, called upon him at fourteen years of age, gave him vision, and led him along, guided and directed him in his obscurity.
Now, there is no harm in a teapot, even if it contains tea, if it is let alone.
Never let a day so pass that you will have cause to say, "I will live better to-morrow,"
I say, if you want to enjoy exquisitely, become a Latter-day Saint, and then live the doctrine of Jesus Christ.
Don't try to tear down other people's religion about their ears, Build up your own perfect structure of truth, and invite your listeners to enter in and enjoy it's glories.
Honest hearts produce honest actions.
Environmentalists are a self-centered bunch of waffle-stomping, Harvard-graduating, intellectual idiots who are not Americans, never have been Americans, never will be Americans.
Between hindsight bias, fake causality, positive bias, anchoring/priming, et cetera et cetera, and above all the dreaded confirmation bias, once an idea gets into your head, it's probably going to stay there.
The strength of a theory is not what it allows, but what it prohibits; if you can invent an equally persuasive explanation for any outcome, you have zero knowledge.
There are no surprising facts, only models that are surprised by facts; and if a model is surprised by the facts, it is no credit to that model.
The people I know who seem to make unusual efforts at rationality, are unusually honest, or, failing that, at least have unusually bad social skills.
If you want to build a recursively self-improving AI, have it go through a billion sequential self-modifications, become vastly smarter than you, and not die, you've got to work to a pretty precise standard.
I have wedded the cause of human improvement, staked on it my fortune, my reputation and my life.
Let us unite on the safe and sure ground of fact and experiment, and we can never err; yet better, we can never differ.
You do honor to our species.
I have four children, and I want them to grow up in a country that has a working First Amendment.
A wise man once said, "never discuss philosophy or politics in a disco environment."
When God created Republicans, he gave up on everything else.
For the record, folks; I never took a shit on stage and the closest I ever came to eating shit anywhere was at a Holiday Inn buffet in Fayetteville, North Carolina, in 1973.
The rock and roll business is pretty absurd, but the world of serious music is much worse.
It isn't necessary to imagine the world ending in fire or ice — there are two other possibilities: one is paperwork, and the other is nostalgia.
I don't give a fuck if they remember me at all.
I'm probably more famous for sitting on the toilet than for anything else that I do.
The most important thing to do in your life is to not interfere with somebody else's life.
The first thing you have to do if you want to raise nice kids, is you have to talk to them like they are people instead of talking to them like they're property.
On a personal level, Freaking Out is a process whereby an individual casts off outmoded and restricting standards of thinking, dress, and social etiquette in order to express creatively his relationship to his immediate environment and the social structure as a whole.
Beauty is a pair of shoes that makes you wanna die.
Jazz is not dead, it just smells funny.
Remember there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
Gail has said in interviews that one of the things that makes our relationship work is the fact that we hardly ever get to talk to each other.
The more boring a child is, the more the parents, when showing off the child, receive adulation for being good parents — because they have a tame child-creature in their house.
Rock journalism is people who can't write, interviewing people who can't talk, in order to provide articles for people who can't read.
Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff.
May your shit come to life and kiss you on the face.
If you wind up with a boring, miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest or some guy on TV telling you how to do your shit, then YOU DESERVE IT.
Tobacco is my favorite vegetable.
Let's not be too rough on our own ignorance; it's what makes America great!
"Watch out where the huskies go, and don't you eat that yellow snow."
Why should I smile when I'm sitting here with you?
To me, absurdity is the only reality.
Look here brother, who you jivin' with that cosmic debris?
The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.
I regard the writing of humor as a supreme artistic challenge.
This is an excellent martini—sort of tastes like it isn’t there at all, just a cold cloud.
I learned about machinery, I learned how men behaved under pressure, and I learned about Americans.
If patriotism were defined, not as blind obedience to government, nor as submissive worship to flags and anthems, but rather as love of one's country, one's fellow citizens (all over the world), as loyalty to the principles of justice and democracy, then patriotism would require us to disobey our government, when it violated those principles.
There is no flag large enough to cover the shame of killing innocent people for a purpose which is unattainable.
Voting is easy and marginally useful, but it is a poor substitute for democracy, which requires direct action by concerned citizens.
I am supposing, or perhaps only hoping, that our future may be found in the past's fugitive moments of compassion rather than in its solid centuries of warfare.
What an existential approach is about is positing that our bad feelings, our dysphoria, our despair, our anxiety emanates not only from our own life history and all the traumas we may have had in the past, and not only from the figures that we have introjected — many of these figures being unloving, or uncaring, or neurotic on their own parts — and emanates not only from our current life crises, but it emanates also, also, from our confrontation with the existential facts of life, with our confrontation with the human condition.
Entitle us to the Liberty of proving the Truth of the Papers, which in the Information are called false, malicious, seditious and scandalous.
There are no illegitimate children, only illegitimate parents.
Whole great chunks of written history are of little value to the psychohistorian, while other vast areas which have been much neglected by historians — childhood history, content analysis of historical imagery, and so on — suddenly expand from the periphery to the center of the psychohistorian's conceptual world, simply because his or her own new questions require material nowhere to be found in history books.
Anthropologists have promulgated the myth of the peaceful savage so effectively that when actual deaths by war are tabulated for prestate simple societies, one is astonished by how such a notion can continue to be taught to students.
What egotism, what stupid vanity, to suppose that a thing could not happen because you could not conceive it!
There is no advance without strife.
Common man has at long last got himself so far out of gear with nature and his environment that he is beginning to see the shape of extinction, whether he recognizes it as such or not.
Absolute dominion of a powerful people by a minority always produces national aggression.
Negative reviews seem to slide off Pia's back like discarded mink coats.
My goal is to remain healthy my entire career, and a healthy diet seems like a good start.
Life isn't all Golf.
A sect, incidentally, is a religion with no political power.
Among other things Jonestown was an example of a definition well known to sociologists of religion: a cult is a religion with no political power.
More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity.
You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission.
The world's most deadly disease is "hardening of the attitudes."
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
The most important persuasion tool you have in your entire arsenal is integrity.
People who truly understand God's purpose for their lives know that we are called to be intimately involved with one another.
Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully.
Little men with little minds and little imaginations go through life in little ruts, smugly resisting all changes which would jar their little worlds.
